{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f46\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning32\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \styrsid13173708 heading 1;}{
\s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \styrsid13709894 heading 2;}{
\s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs26\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \styrsid5190982 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid555064\rsid726032\rsid2231719\rsid2324806\rsid2584562\rsid3036276
\rsid5190982\rsid6569974\rsid8280152\rsid9324719\rsid11753736\rsid12597962\rsid13173708\rsid13255287\rsid13709894\rsid15029024\rsid15889752}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6612;}{\info{\title New Install}{\author Jon}{\operator Jon}
{\creatim\yr2005\mo6\dy11\hr16\min16}{\revtim\yr2005\mo6\dy11\hr16\min16}{\printim\yr2005\mo6\dy11\hr15\min24}{\version3}{\edmins9}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords1226}{\nofchars6994}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws8204}{\vern16389}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\rsidroot9324719 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13173708 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning32\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid13173708 Install and Tutorial
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid13173708 Consider printing off this install guide and tutorial}{\insrsid8280152 
. Many of the commands are new and it will help you discover them as you start play.}{\insrsid13173708 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8280152 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid9324719 New Install
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid9324719 Download these 4 files
\par 
\par epic_setup_7_4_core.exe
\par }{\insrsid2324806 epic_setup_7_4_music}{\insrsid9324719 .exe
\par epic_setup_7_4_nebula.exe
\par epic_setup_7_4_planets.exe
\par 
\par 
\par After all have downloaded, double click on epic_setup_7_4_core.exe to start the install. This installer must be run first so it can back up your files and create the proper directory structures. The installer sho
uld find you EoC directory and install itself. It should backup your movies and mods directories (if they exist).
\par 
\par After this installer runs, you can run the other 3 in any order. Run each one.
\par 
\par Once all are complete, start EoC. Select \'93Play\'94 when the loader comes up. Wait for the main menu. (skip past the movies or not).
\par 
\par At the Main Menu, select \'93Start New Game\'94. (}{\insrsid15029024 Normally}{\insrsid9324719 , you would need to go to the \'93Extras\'94 menu and turn on the mods, but the installer does that for you to insure a smooth start of game). 
\par }{\insrsid3036276 
\par Also note that the installer changes the default keyboard configuration file to use a joystick. If you do not play with a joystick, you will need to enter the \'93Options\'94 menu and select the controls configuration that is keyboard only. 
\par }{\insrsid9324719 
\par If everything has gone well, you will find yourself flying a Tug in space, in the star system of Alcuin, near a shipyard.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13173708 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid13173708 Tutorial
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8280152 \b\f1\fs26\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid5190982 Communication
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid9324719 
Test the keybinds have been selected correctly. Fly over to the cyan blue SNRV. Press CTRL-C to start a communications sess}{\insrsid5190982 ion with the SNRV. Follow the prompts to hire the wingman.}{\insrsid9324719 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5190982 \b\f1\fs26\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid5190982 Using the Ship Menu (UniGUI)
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid5190982 
\par }{\insrsid9324719 Once he is hired, press \'93o\'94 (oh) to open the UniGUI menu. From the list of buttons, select \'93Wingman Status\'94. In this screen you can read your current funds remaining (}{\insrsid11753736 mi
dway across, bottom). Your tug is currently selected. Use the mouse to select your wingman. You can see the cost in fuel to make one system to system capsule jump. And the cost per day of time.}{\insrsid9324719 
\par }{\insrsid11753736 
\par One day of time passes for each system to system capsule jump you make. 
\par }{\insrsid5190982 
\par Exit UniGUI 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3036276 \b\f1\fs26\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid726032 Wingman Commands
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid5190982 Order you new wingman to formate with you. 
\par 
\par Press \'930\'94 (zero) to select wingman group zero, where all new wingmen start by default.
\par 
\par A small menu sh}{\insrsid15029024 ows up in the center of your HUD}{\insrsid5190982  (for reference). Press \'932\'94 to se}{\insrsid15029024 lect form up}{\insrsid5190982  (Defend Me). 
\par 
\par The command completes and your wingm}{\insrsid15029024 an moves into formation with your ship.}{\insrsid5190982 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid2231719 You can change the or}{\insrsid15029024 der group of your wingmen. I}{\insrsid2231719 t is useful to move your freighters to a separate group}{\insrsid15029024  from new ships or fighters}{\insrsid2231719 . Move you wingman to group 5.

\par 
\par Target your wingman in the contact list. Press \'935\'94 to select group 5. Then give the command \'93group commands\'94 by pressing \'930\'94 zero}{\insrsid15029024  to enter the group commands submenu. And then select \'93add ship\'94 by pressing \'930
\'94. This command moves a wingman you have currently targeted to the selected order group.}{\insrsid2231719 
\par 
\par Check the wingman is in the new grou}{\insrsid15029024 p by ordering group 5 to form up}{\insrsid2231719  with you. Press \'935\'94}{\insrsid15029024  for group 5 and \'932\'94 for form up}{\insrsid2231719 . Your wingman should respond. 
\par 
\par If he does not, reread the moving section and try again. The following notes assume your wingman is in group 5.
\par }{\insrsid15029024 
\par The pattern of commands should be getting clear. The first key press selects the group you want the following commands to impact. And then you press keys to issue those commands. Fast commands
 only require one key press. Some commands are more complex and require a submenu key press. Once memorized, you can issue very complex commands to several groups very quickly.
\par }{\insrsid2231719 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3036276 \b\f1\fs26\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid5190982 Docking and Saving
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid5190982 Target the nearby station and use your autopilot to dock wi
th the station (F8). Once your ship docks the UniGUI menu will open automatically. On this menu, a new option appears, \'93Enter Station\'94. Select this option.
\par 
\par }{\insrsid726032 You will appear inside \'93Lucretia\rquote s Base\'94. From here you can change the load}{\insrsid15029024  }{\insrsid726032 out on your tug. 
\par 
\par Press \'93Escape\'94 to get to the Save menu option. Save your game. (Save and Restore will be a major focus of testing).
\par 
\par Now return to the hanger and launch your ship in to space. When you arrive in space, notice your wingman is where you left him. Wingman command
s are not remembered through a save/restore cycle. Also notice that your ship is returned to the docked to station position. 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12597962 \b\f1\fs26\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid726032 Purchasing Cargo
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid726032 Open the UniGUI menu \'93o\'94
 and select the navigation menu option. When the location finder opens up, find the \'93Common Metals Mine\'94 in the far right hand side. Select this mine. Now select \'93Set Location Waypoint\'94 in the lower left hand corner.
\par 
\par }{\insrsid6569974 Command your wingman to follow you. Press \'93}{\insrsid2231719 5}{\insrsid6569974 \'94}{\insrsid2231719  for group five}{\insrsid6569974 , the \'932\'94 for formate.}{\insrsid726032 
\par }{\insrsid6569974 
\par Then fly to the common metals mine waypoint. When you get close and the station shows up on your contact list, target the station and approach it. When you are within 20km you can purchase cargo. 
\par 
\par Open the UniGUI}{\insrsid15029024  menu and select \'93Cargo Purchase}{\insrsid6569974 \'94. }{\insrsid2231719 Use the mouse to select a metal in the top left list. Then press \'93Order All\'94
. This will put 20 cargo pods into your order list in the bottom left. }{\insrsid6569974 
\par }{\insrsid2231719 
\par Your ship cannot carry this many pods. So select the menu item in the order list, and press Remove Item. Press Remove Item until only 6 cargo pods remain.
\par 
\par The press Purchase Order. The funds needed are subtracted and the cargo pods are placed near you. Exit the Screen.
\par 
\par Give your wingman a command to collect the cargo pods. Press \'935\'94 for group five, and select cargo co}{\insrsid15029024 mmands, key \'939\'94. Then select collect all which is also key}{\insrsid2231719  \'939\'94
. The cargo pods will pilot themselves over to your wingman and load.
\par 
\par }{\insrsid15889752 Hold still while loading cargo. Sometimes your wingmen keep moving to follow you and the pods cannot dock (bug in progress of being fixed).
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12597962 \b\f1\fs26\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid726032 Selling Cargo
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15889752 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid15889752 Open the UniGUI menu \'93o\'94
 and select the navigation menu option. When the location finder opens up, find the \'93Common Metals Processing\'94 in the far right hand side. Select this mine. Now select \'93Set Location Waypoint\'94 in the lower left hand corner.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid726032 
\par }{\insrsid15889752 Give your wingman a command to formate with you and then fly to the location waypoint.}{\insrsid9324719 
\par }{\insrsid15889752 
\par When you get within 20km of the station, use the UniGUI menu and select Sell Cargo.
\par 
\par The Sell Cargo screen opens and the pods you are carrying should be listed in the upper left hand corner. (if they don\rquote t show up, wait until your wingman gets closer to the station).
\par 
\par Select your pods with the mouse. Press Offer All. Then press Sell O}{\insrsid15029024 ffer}{\insrsid2584562 . The pods will vanish and you will be credited for them.}{\insrsid15889752 
\par }{\insrsid2584562 
\par Short range hauls like the one just completed only pay a small percentage of the value of the cargo. System to system cargo hauls can pay as much as 25% of the cargo value per jump and are much more worth while.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12597962 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid13709894 Next Steps
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid13709894 The player manual has more details on the wingman commands. You can test out
 the rest of the cargo handling commands.
\par }{\insrsid12597962 
\par Use the location finder to inspect nearby systems for possible trade targets. Find a common metal refinery that is further away, and haul some cargo there.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12597962 \b\f1\fs26\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12597962 Economics
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12597962 The basic}{\insrsid13173708  structure is that mines produce ores
. Those ores can be sold to processing plants that produce refined materials. And those materials are sold to manufacturing plants. The manufacturing plants produce goods sold to a wide scattering of stations.}{\insrsid12597962 
\par }{\insrsid13173708 
\par The easiest way to find trade routes is use t
he location finder to trace from mines up to processing plants. Then when you visit those systems, make note of the pricing. Prices always climb as you move away from the star system with the greatest surplus production. If you can find those producer sys
tems, you can sell at a profit anywhere you take those goods.
\par 
\par Discovering the best routes is the main challenge of the game. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13173708 \b\f1\fs26\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid13173708 Upgrades
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid13173708 
There are two major ways to upgrade your profit earning power. The simplest is to hire more and larger freighters. The larger the freighter}{\insrsid15029024 , the more efficient it uses}{\insrsid13173708 
 fuel and upkeep and the more pods you can carry with each trip. You}{\insrsid15029024  can hire larger freighters at W}{\insrsid13173708 aystations.
\par 
\par The second method is to increase your faction standing. Most factions will not sell you the most 
profitable cargo items until you have increased your standing. Each increase in standing can double the value of the cargo you can purchase.  Use the Reputation GUI to purchase a standing upgrade.}{\insrsid15029024 
 It will take some time to learn which factions offer goods on profitable trade routes.}{\insrsid13173708 
\par }{\insrsid15029024 
\par }}