{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff1\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f46\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{
\s3\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8157122}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6612;}{\info{\title  }
{\author Jon}{\operator Jon}{\creatim\yr2005\mo5\dy31\hr17\min9}{\revtim\yr2005\mo5\dy31\hr17\min9}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords1927}{\nofchars10989}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws12891}{\vern16389}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot8157122 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs22\insrsid8157122 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs32\insrsid8157122 \page }{\b\fs22\insrsid8157122 Just a quick note about \'93tech level\'94
 ratings: this cluster would have enjoyed pretty much the same technology as far as communications, transportation, biotech, agriculture, etc. up until the War of
 Dissolution. From there, it would be an issue of retaining tech, rather than developing new tech, with the exceptions of the big three, who might have the wealth to research some new things in very recent years. Different factions will have lost some tec
h
 at slightly different rates, and the larger factions may be developing tech a little ahead of the others but the differences are small. In other words, I see this ten point rating scale as describing a very small range of actual tech differences (like a 
f
ew levels of shielding, or scanning range, or power plant output, or LDS quality), but they all share essentially the same tech. None of the factions in this cluster lack the ability to travel to other stars. None of the factions in this cluster have supe
r weapons that will overpower anyone else instantly. They all fall within a very narrow tech range, as far as I can see. I\rquote ll do what I can, and you can ask more questions to help refine things later.
\par }{\b\fs32\insrsid8157122 Leung Empire 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Current Technology level (scale of one to ten, one being lowest): }{
\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 6. The Empire hasn\rquote 
t developed any new ship or weapons tech, nor the capacity to produce newer models for many decades. As a result, they rely on older ship models (Dreadnaught class corvettes and Tariq class patcoms), but produce them in greater numbers.}{
\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Access to resources level (scale of one to ten, one being lowest): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 9
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Access to personnel (pilots) (good, medium, bad): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
They have plenty of crews for their conscripted navy, but the overall quality is quite poor (medium to bad).
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Size of Fleet (small, medium, large): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Large. They compensate for their lower tech with numbers and bulk manufacturing production.}{
\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Sizes of typical ships (fighters, corvettes, battleships, cruisers, larger): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Corvettes and Patcoms. They have a few Destroyers, and even fewer Battleships.  The Emperor\rquote 
s flagship is a large vessel like a carrier, maybe we can use one of the newer models being made like the Super-Danube or something like that.
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Are the ships typically well maintained? }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Ship maintenance is mediocre. The
 real problem is poor quality in manufacturing of components. Breakdowns are frequent. Again, they compensate for this with pure numbers.}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Does the faction typically rely on single ships spread over a large area, or on large grouped fleets in strategic locations? }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
Large grouped fleets, and a few fortified bases at key system locations.}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Favorite types of combat craft: }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Dreadnaught class and Cutter class Corvettes, and Tariq class patcoms}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 . }{
\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 A few Bastille class Destroyers and Danubes, too, but not too many. This faction relies on older tech, but makes a lot of it.}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Power of fleet, compared to other primary powers (leader in fleet strength, about average, gets sand kicked in face): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
Every faction has suffered since the war, and all of them have their weaknesses. This faction is definitely one of the stronger ones, as they produce many ships of medium to poor quality and firepower. The reason they haven\rquote 
t yet dominated is that they can\rquote t afford to mass all of this firepower into a single fleet and concentrate them on a
 single target, too much of the rest of the Empire would be left wide open.  They have several battle groups spread across different systems busily concentrating on keeping the Empire together.
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs28\kerning28\insrsid8157122 Sultanate of Khalilistan}{
\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par }{\f0\fs28\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Typical Fleet:}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Current Technology level (scale of one to ten, one being lowest): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 10. No one in this cluster has access to, nor the cash to acquire better tech than the Sultanate.}{
\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Access to resources level (scale of one to ten, one being lowest): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 6. They control the neutronium, but lack much
 of the other requirements to manufacture a strong fleet. This DOES mean that they have loads of cash, so they can acquire what they need, elsewhere.}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Access to personnel (pilots) (good, medium, bad): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Medium. In fact, the Sultan\rquote s fleet is made up of the so
ns of the privileged, much like it was in the officers ranks of the armies of Europe in the 17}{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\super\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 th}{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
 and 18 centuries. There is tremendous variability in the quality of this fleet: some captains and crews are very good, and some are abysmal. The problem is tha
t they only need money and connections to get a good ship and a place in the fleet, which is something most of them have. This averages out to being medium quality crews, but with a high variability. They also rely on mercenary fleets to do most of the di
rty work, which are typically fairly high quality crews.
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Size of Fleet (small, medium, large): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Small}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Sizes of typical ships (fighters, corvettes, battleships, cruisers, larger): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Top-notch}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122  }{
\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Fighters, Advanced Patcoms, Heavy Corvettes, and corporate-type destroyers and cruisers. The Royal Guard fly Advanced Patcoms supported by fighters. The Sultan has a very, very large flagship}{
\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Are the ships typically well maintained? }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Very well maintained, and opulently adorned.}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Does the faction typically rely on single ships spread over a large area, or on large grouped fleets in strategic locations? }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Each Caliphate has its \lquote own\rquote 
 fleet, which is supposedly at the disposal of the Sultan when he calls them. This doesn\rquote t always work the way it\rquote 
s supposed to, as these fleets really prefer to stay within their home systems. He mostly relies on the Royal Guard and hired mercenary fleets for any real fighting. Individual Captains, and their loyal supporting wingmen will occasionally embark on speci
al missions or quests in order to acquire more political clout, or esteem in the eyes of their leader (much like knights of old, going off looking for honour on some worthy quest).
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Favorite types of combat craft: }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 A wide variety of fighting craft of all size
s, reflecting the highly personalized styles and preferences of the captains in the Sultanate. These vessels are usually loaded, tricked out, and equipped with the best stuff available. Thankfully, there aren\rquote t that many of them.}{
\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Power of fleet, compared to other primary powers (leader in fleet strength, about average, gets sand kicked in face): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
This is also a very powerful fleet, coming very close to the Empire as most powerful in the cluster. The Sultanate suffered severe reparation costs after the war, b
ut that all kind of disappeared before the repayments were completed. Nobody really cared about monitoring the repayments when everything in the entire cluster turned to hell so quickly. Afterward, everyone needed the neutronium, so no one brought it up. 
As a result the officers of the Sultanate have been able to build a fleet of very powerful state-of-the-art ships. The most fearsome fleet in the Sultan\rquote 
s arsenal is the Royal Guard. The problem with the rest of his fleets of the Caliphs is that they are more interested in advancing their careers and playing politics, than they are at down and dirty fighting. Mercenaries such as the Archangels are 
\lquote regulars\rquote  in the Sultan\rquote s defensive arsenal.}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\f0\fs28\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 The Royal Guard:}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Current Technology level (scale of one to ten, one being lowest): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 10}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Access to resources level (scale of one to ten, one being lowest): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 7}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Access to personel (pilots) (good, medium, bad): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Good}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Size of Fleet (small, medium, large): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Small}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Sizes of typical ships (fighters, corvettes, battleships, cruisers, larger): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Patcoms and fighters}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Are the ships typically well maintained? }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Very well maintained. Crack pilots.}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Does the faction typically rely on single ships spread over a large area, or on large grouped fleets in strategic locations? }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Single ships or small groups operating over a wide area}{
\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Favorite types of combat craft: }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Advanced Patcoms, Fighters}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Power of Royal Guard fleet, compared to other primary powers (leader in fleet strength, about average, gets sand kicked in face): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
Very Powerful, but small in size. If you are alone and you see Royal Guard vessels closing on you: Run.}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs28\kerning28\insrsid8157122 
\par The Emerald Alliance
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Current Technology level (scale of one to ten, one being lowest): }{
\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 8}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Access to resources level (scale of one to ten, one being lowest): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 7}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Access to personel (pilots) (good, medium, bad): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Good}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Size of Fleet (small, medium, large): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Medium}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Sizes of typical ships (fighters, corvettes, battleships, cruisers, larger): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 all sizes}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Are the ships typically well maintained? }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Well maintained on the inside, crappy looking on the outside (think: Star Wars Rebel Alliance fleet)}{
\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Does the faction typically rely on single ships spread over a large area, or on large grouped fleets in strategic locations? }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Small patrol groups, for the most part.}{
\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Favorite types of combat craft: }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Varies widely, but the Alliance has many smaller vessels, and only a few of the larger type vessels.}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Power of fleet, compared to other primary powers (leader in fleet strength, about average, gets sand kicked in face): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Th
is is the weakest of the three major powers, but they are still reasonably strong. They have the most balanced fleet of the major powers: decent ship technology, ships in reasonable numbers, and crewed by very good pilots. These folks rely on purchases of
 combat vessels from the military surplus of others, salvage operations, local NSO dealerships, and a small output of licensed Corvette manufacturing plants.}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs28\kerning28\insrsid8157122 The Secondary Powers
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par }{\b\f0\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Consolidated Mining Corporation}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122  (CMC)
\par Current Technology level (scale of one to ten, one being lowest): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 5 or 6 in the military realm, better when it comes to manufacturing and transportation
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Access to resources level (scale of one to ten, one being lowest): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 8
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Access to personnel (pilots) (good, medium, bad): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Medium
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Size of Fleet (small, medium, large): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Small standing naval force, but they hire mercenaries
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Sizes of typical ships (fighters, corvettes, battleships, cruisers, larger):
\par Are the ships typically well maintained?}{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122  Fighters, armed tugs, and patcoms, mostly, and some corvettes
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Does the faction typically rely on single ships spread over a large area, or on large grouped fleets in strategic locations?}{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
 Single and small groups operating across their different zones of corporate interests
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Favorite types of combat craft: }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Maas-type Fighters, Armed Spider-class tugs, Tariq-class patcoms, Cutter-class corvettes, Heavy corvettes}{
\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Power of fleet, compared to other secondary powers (leader in fleet strength, about average, gets sand kicked in face): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Abou
t average. They have been able to hold their system, and defend their interests against the Empire\rquote s incursions for decades, so they\rquote re not doing too badly.
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f0\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 The Corliss Conglomerate}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122  
\par Current Technology level (scale of one to ten, one being lowest): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 7}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Access to resources level (scale of one to ten, one being lowest): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 6
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Access to personel (pilots) (good, medium, bad): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Crews of the CDF (Corliss Defense Forces) are very good
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Size of Fleet (small, medium, large): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Medium}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Sizes of typical ships (fighters, corvettes, battleships, cruisers, larger): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
Navy-type fighters, Police Patcoms, Dreadnaught-class Corvettes, Heavy Corvettes, Armed Freighters (missile boats), and a few Destroyers}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Are the ships typically well maintained? }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 They }{\b\i\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 were}{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
 well maintained up until about 40 years ago. Since then they\rquote re showing signs of being underfunded, but the excellent crews have done a good job of keeping them working in fine fighting order, even if they are starting to look worse for wear.}{
\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Does the faction typically rely on single ships spread over a large area, or on large grouped fleets in strategic locations?}{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
 In between: They have medium sized patrol groups, and defence flotillas at key points in both Corliss and Nisami.
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Favourite types of combat craft: }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Navy-type fighters, Police Patcoms, Dreadnaught-class corvettes}{
\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Power of fleet, compared to other secondary powers (leader in fleet strength, about average, gets sand kicked in face): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Average to Strong. Probably tied with the Caliphate of Yezhi
d for the strongest of the secondary powers.}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par }{\f0\fs22\insrsid8157122 
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par 
\par }{\b\f0\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 The Caliphate of Yezhid}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Current Technology level (scale of one to ten, one being lowest):}{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122  9
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Access to resources level (scale of one to ten, one being lowest): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 8
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Access to personnel (pilots) (good, medium, bad): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Medium to good
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Size of Fleet (small, medium, large): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Small}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Sizes of typical ships (fighters, corvettes, battleships, cruisers, larger): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Fighters, Patcoms, and some Corvettes. The Caliph has his own Bastille-class Destroyer flagship}{
\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Are the ships typically well maintained?}{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122  Fighters and Corvettes
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Does the faction typically rely on single ships spread over a large area, or on large grouped fleets in strategic locations? }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
Single ships spread out
\par }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 Favorite types of combat craft: }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
Quite varied, reflecting the highly individualized styles of the crews involved. Advanced Patcoms are fairly commonly used here. }{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par Power of fleet, compared to other secondary powers (leader in fleet strength, about average, gets sand kicked in face): }{\b\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
Average to Strong. Probably tied with the Corliss Conglomerate for the strongest of the secondary powers.}{\f0\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid8157122 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }}