{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f46\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{
\s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \sbasedon10 spnmessagetext;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 header;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 footer;}{\*\cs18 \additive \sbasedon10 page number;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid7301451\rsid12860217}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6612;}{\info{\title Major Powers}{\author Duncan Day}
{\operator Jon}{\creatim\yr2005\mo5\dy31\hr17\min9}{\revtim\yr2005\mo5\dy31\hr17\min9}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages10}{\nofwords5044}{\nofchars28753}{\*\company Duncan Day Psychological Services}{\nofcharsws33730}{\vern16389}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot12860217 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\header 
\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7301451 Faction Summary Part 3\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst {\cs18\insrsid7301451  PAGE }
}{\fldrslt {\cs18\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof\insrsid7301451 1}}}{\insrsid7301451 
\par }}{\footer \pard\plain \s17\qr \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7301451 Duncan \'93Hot4Darmat\'94 Day
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20 \aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 Minor Powers}{\cs15\insrsid12336123 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 Aikenites (Lombard)
\par \tab Sal Aiken}{\cs15\insrsid12336123  Doran Asteroid Mining Network (Bumpy\rquote s Star)
\par Archangels (Mercenary clan in the employ of the Sultanate)
\par }{\insrsid12336123 Azran Corporation
\par Black Dragons (Mercenary clan in the employ of Emperor Leung)
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 Brethren of Salvation (Brethren) (Ripon)}{\cs15\insrsid12336123 
\par }{\insrsid12336123 Chavez Shipping}{\cs15\insrsid12336123 
\par Doran Asteroid Mining Network (Bumpy\rquote s Star)
\par Droznic Crime Family (Lombard)
\par }{\insrsid12336123 EtCom}{\cs15\insrsid12336123 
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 Fist of Akra (Akra)
\par Fonseka Foundation (Akra)
\par }{\insrsid12336123 Gargoyles (pirate clan)
\par Golliger\rquote s Privateers
\par Grinnel Freightlines
\par }{\insrsid12336123 Independent}{\insrsid12336123 
\par }{\insrsid12336123 Jardin Terraforming
\par Junkers
\par Lindevaal Crime Syndicate}{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 
\par }{\insrsid12336123 Lomax Technologies}{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 
\par }{\insrsid12336123 Markus Corporation (Nisami, T\rquote Ang)
\par \tab Mark Otomo (Founder and CEO)
\par Mercenaries
\par Melman FTL Networks (MelNet)
\par }{\cs15\insrsid12336123 Mesa Corporation (Nureddin)}{\insrsid12336123 
\par The Mustapha Institute (New Constantinople)
\par }{\insrsid12336123 NSO LaPlace
\par Network 54}{\insrsid12336123 
\par Pimental Crime family (Penda)}{\insrsid12336123 
\par Police}{\insrsid12336123 
\par Saffron Industries (Corliss)
\par Scavengers
\par }{\insrsid12336123 StellarNet}{\insrsid12336123 
\par Stellar Paramed}{\insrsid12336123 
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 Takanan Raiders (14}{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 th}{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123  Cruisers) (Hant)
\par \tab General Takana}{\insrsid12336123 
\par Transient
\par Universal Consumer Products
\par }{\insrsid12336123 University of Tulun}{\insrsid12336123 
\par Whind Weapon Systems
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20 \aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid12336123 \page 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid12336123 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\lang4105\langfe1033\kerning0\cgrid0\langnp4105\insrsid12336123 
The Minor Powers
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 Aikenites
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 These tough settlers follow the teachings of \'93Salvage\'94
 Sal Aiken, who saw the value of taking what was broken, discarded or damaged, and making something new and useful from it. They have re-opened one of the stations in Lombard and operate i
t without any support from the Corporations or governments of the surrounding systems. They roam Lombard and surrounding systems in search of raw materials, debris, and spare parts to keep their odd-looking, cobbled-together ships operating. They are trem
e
ndously resourceful, and good friends to have if you ever need a part, or a place to dock to have something fixed. They can make systems of relatively low grade advance to a higher tech level by tinkering and through their technical acumen (e.g., LDS 1 ca
n
 become LDS 2 with their help, heat sinks can be made two levels better, and power plant output can be augmented slightly, as well). Their ships are old and rough looking, but are actually much tougher and dangerous than they look. For the most part, this
 
group will keep to themselves, and can often be traded with. However, they are fierce fighters when crossed, and attacking even one of their ships will bring the entire horde to the defense very quickly. Similarly, if they see you as an ally, there is a g
ood chance that they'll come to your assistance if you find yourself in trouble. They have operated neutrally in the Lombard system, co-existing with the Droznic crime organization without much difficulty. However, the efforts of the CMC to \'93remove\'94
 them from Lombard have not only been unsuccessful, but have resulted in considerable losses to CMC personnel and materiel in Lombard
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 Archangels}{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123  (Mercenary Clan: to be described further by Dark Dragon Flame)
\par This organization is well trained and well equipped, op
erating from a hidden asteroid base somewhere within the Sultanate of Khalilistan. These wealthy and proud mercenaries operate under the employ of the Sultan, and are largely responsible for the defense (and offensive dirty work) of the Sultanate. They ha
ve enjoyed this privileged position for decades, much to the dismay of many other mercenary clans interested in the contract, and the many enemies they\rquote ve made over the years as the Sultan\rquote s henchmen.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 Azran Corporation
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 Alcuin remained a small backwater sys
tem for some time, but continued to produce a steady supply of goods to neighboring systems when they most needed them. The Azran Corporation saw potential in Alcuin, and began aggressive development there in their respective markets. Then EtCom also saw 
t
he potential, and built relays and facilities there as well.  Both corporations served to complement one another, and the entire population of the system profited for a time. No central administration could rise to take the reins in the presence of these 
t
wo corporate powers, making the system stuck in a constant state of debate over development issues, which effectively stalled any shared infrastructure. Bureaucratic fumbling and corporate bumbling have left Alcuin ungoverned in the Dead Reaches star syst
ems. It is, however, a system prime to become affiliated with the Emerald Alliance, once they can demonstrate the capacity to organize an administration, and to field security and naval forces.
\par 
\par }{\cs15\b\insrsid12336123 Black Dragons }{\cs15\insrsid12336123 (taken from Grandpatrouts posts):
\par Shortly after the War of Dissolution, infighting was tearing the Middle Kingdom apart. One of Emperor Leung\rquote 
s most loyal and beloved Admirals, Chi An Kong, was in command of the fleet responsible for a failed attempt to prevent Providence from seceding from the Empire. 
The loss to the Empire was great, and a scapegoat was needed to appease the Magistrates, and to keep the Empire intact. Kong was charged with treason, and evidence was fabricated to implicate him. With the framing complete, the Emperor became enraged and 
s
entenced his former protege to death. However, Kong still had many allies, and several very loyal officers, and they assisted him in his escape. Dozens defected and rallied to him, bringing ships and crews to his group. He could have turned against the Em
p
ire, but instead, true to his spirit, he fought in support of the Empire from outside its reach. Exiled to the fringes, he could never return to his homeland. The Emperor could not revoke his sentence, and so he could never pardon the loyal admiral. But a
fter the rebellions finally stopped, Imperial forces never moved against Kong. The orders to pursue this group simply never materialized.}{\insrsid12336123 \line \line }{\cs15\insrsid12336123 
Kong formed his loyalists into the Mercenary company: the Black Dragons (in a sense, mocking the Emperor, who is the o
nly one allowed the imperial dragon symbol). Kong has long since passed away. But the Black Dragons operate throughout the Dead Reaches and escort Leung Empire trade ships en route to Emerald. }{\insrsid12336123 \line \line }{\cs15\insrsid12336123 
It is rumoured that the Black Dragons have quietly regained the Emperor\rquote 
s confidence, and operate with his support and often under his directives. They operate with state of the art ships and weaponry, and do not seem to lack for funds or sensitive information. It is widely known that they do covert work for the Emp
ire, though no official links can be found anywhere. Some have even speculated that Kong was head of the Imperial Secret Service, and the whole framing was his idea to permit him to act for the Emperor against his enemies without implicating the Empire. W
hatever the truth, the Black Dragons are a powerful and effective mercenary clan.}{\insrsid12336123 \line 
\par }{\cs15\insrsid12336123 They are rarely seen in the open, but can be glimpsed running distant escort for the most important Imperial caravans. However, they also operate for any shipping line willin
g to pay the price. The Black Dragons maintain a commercial presence to gain access to places they otherwise could not go.}{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 Brethren
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 
The Brethren of Salvation are one of the groups of oddball religious fanatics that have found their way to the Middle State
s Cluster seeking refuge. They have recently established themselves in the abandoned stations of war torn Ripon in the last decade. The Brethren are a particularly dangerous and frightening cult. They alter their physical appearances to take on a \'93
death\rquote s head\'94
 look. They burn themselves to remove hair and to tighten and scar the skin of their heads. They often slice off much of their noses to reveal skull-like nasal cavities, and they file their exposed teeth to give themselves the most fear-producing aspe
ct possible. They fly smaller ships, such as fighters, all of which are brightly painted with skull and death motifs. Apparently, the Brethren see themselves as the scythe of god, saving souls by expediting their arrival into the bosom of the lord. They s
e
e it as their sacred duty to bring their ministry of salvation to everyone they encounter by killing the mortal flesh and freeing the immortal soul. Since their arrival almost nothing has been heard from the system at all. News simply does not come out. A
 
recent mining expedition encountered the Brethren, and were wiped out save for a single tug that managed to jump back to Li Po. They reported that the Brethren attacked without provocation in the most brutal fashion imaginable, methodically killing any li
f
eboats, comsecs, or vac-suited individuals. Except for a few brave traders who keep them supplied, everyone who encounters them, dies. Bounties have been offered, but none successfully collected. For the time, they are confined to Ripon, but there is conc
ern that they will run out of survivors and risk-takers in that system, and try to bring their twisted salvation to neighboring systems.
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\b\insrsid12336123 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\insrsid12336123 Chavez Shipping}{\cs15\b\insrsid12336123  
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cs15\insrsid12336123 Hugo Chavez was raised in Bedalov, and figured out early in his life that this star system was not go
ing to get the basic supplies it needed unless someone started running regular supplies. Forty years later, the Chavez Shipping Company is one of the most lucrative and well-respected freight companies in the Middle States, and has been credited with keep
i
ng many stations of the Dead Reaches functioning. It continues to operate steady shipping schedules along established runs as far as the Caliphate of Yezhid, but operates mostly between Corliss and Huang, the furthest of the Dead Reaches star systems. The
y
 operate all manner of freighters, but most frequently make use of the efficient Venice-class freighter. Chavez has recently acquired two mega freighters as part of their bid to expand contracts into the Sultanate. They travel through several different ju
risdictions with relative ease, making them prime suspects for spying, though they\rquote 
ve never been openly accused, nor caught. They frequently hire armed independents for escorts, but occasionally they require mercenaries for escort. Sometimes Chavez Shipping
 convoys require different mercenary groups to travel with them through different systems, as certain clans are not welcome in certain systems.
\par 
\par }{\cs15\b\insrsid12336123 Doran Asteroid Mining Network}{\cs15\insrsid12336123  (Bumpy\rquote s Star)
\par The Leung dynasty has been eager to reclaim the Bumpy\rquote s Star system and its many mineral-rich asteroids for the Emperor, but have been thwarted by the system\rquote 
s de facto owners, the Doran Asteroid Mining Network. DAMN, also referred to as The Network, was originally a collection of smaller independent mining operations th
at set up mineral extraction operations in the sites abandoned by the old Imperial Industrial Institute (III). As they continued to pull mineral riches out of mine sites deemed unprofitable by III, they grew in strength, and banded together for protection
.
 They employ a large number of independent and mercenary defenders, but they also receive support from a local crime syndicate (the Lindevaal family), interested in keeping their leisure station open and profitable. Eventually the Doran Network acquired t
h
e wealth to re-open Woomera Station, their current HQ, and is in the early stages of building a processor of their own in-system. This alone could save them considerable shipping and processing costs. Unfortunately, this will also place them further out o
f reach of the Leung dynasty, which would like to see a halt to the construction on the processor, and to see the entire Doran Network go away.
\par 
\par }{\cs15\b\insrsid12336123 Droznic Crime Family}{\cs15\insrsid12336123  (Lombard)
\par One of the strange things about criminal organizations is that when they enter a 
region that is completely lawless and chaotic, they can bring a great deal of order and stability, if not lawfulness. The Droznic family have brought stability and prosperity to parts of Lombard by applying ruthless codes to their ever-expanding criminal 
i
nterests. They have eliminated any pirates or criminal elements not willing to be utterly controlled by them, and established a hierarchy of command with themselves at the top. No one tries to cross them, as the consequences are dire. The Droznics are fea
r
ed by everyone, as they are known for hunting down their enemies for as long as required, then killing them in most unpleasant ways, often eliminating families, loved ones, and associates as a way of ensuring that the entire criminal world knows not to tr
y
 to mess with them. Large bounties have been placed on the heads of the Droznics and some of their more vicious lieutenants by the CMC, but no one has collected yet. This faction use armed tugs, older model fighters and maintain a small fleet of Dreadnaug
ht-class corvettes, apparently salvaged from Epitaph, to keep their interests defended.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 EtCom
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 
Venture Capitalists were looking for a good opportunity in a growing system, when they found that Alcuin had come through the wars with much of its potential inta
ct. They quickly built FTL communications relays and communications facilities to bring the Dead Reaches systems back into the fold. This proved to be very profitable and a successful venture for some time. At present, Alcuin is poised to join the Emerald
 
Alliance, but the fact that EtCom and the Azran Corporation have not been able to work well to govern this system together has been a hindrance. Both of these companies just want to do business, and continue to make profits, and neither want to responsibi
lity of establishing a system-wide administration. EtCom, however, is expanding well beyond the Dead Reaches, selling communications services cluster-wide and branching out to provide ship communications technology and improved computer systems.}{
\cs15\insrsid12336123 
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 The Fist of Akra}{
\b0\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123  (Akra)
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 
The Fist of Akra is a mercenary clan, often seen in the employ of the Caliphate of Yezhid and the CMC. They have recently resettled the Akra system in an effort to reclaim it. Their specialty is in anti-piracy missions, and raids on criminal 
bases. They have built two fortified bases in remote asteroid strongholds, and make frequent patrols of Akra in an effort to discourage piracy. They have been in the employ of almost every faction at some time in the history of the cluster. However, since
 the betrayal of the Sultanate during the War of Dissolution (their home system of Akra was smashed by Sultan Malik Shah\rquote 
s fleet while they were employed to defend his home in New Constantinople), they have taken particular pleasure in any missions that har
m the Sultanate. The CMC has recently been hiring them to harass various commercial shipments destined for the Corliss Conglomerate, which has placed this mercenary clan in a difficult position. Unbeknownst to the CMC, this mercenary clan has been receivi
n
g support from the Corliss Conglomerate in the form of fuel and supplies during its efforts to rebuild Akra. The CMC has designs on Akra, and has under-estimated the power and determination of this clan in their claim on this system. More importantly, the
 mercenaries of The Fist of Akra have developed a kind of loyalty to the Corliss Conglomerate, and will likely side with them if ever asked to fight for the CMC directly against the CDF.
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 Fonseka Foundation}{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123  (Akra)
\par This corporation was set up by a number of 
surviving families of the Lombard and Akra systems determined to see their homes restored. The war devastated these systems, making the task a great one. However, this foundation has made substantial inroads in the Akra system, rebuilding manufacturing an
d
 processing stations, and working toward an agricultural station (under construction) that will not only make the system more independent, but will attract new settlers. They have received the open support of the Fist of Akra clan, who shares much of thei
r vision, and quiet support from the Corliss Conglomerate who hope someday to expand in that direction, but also wants to prevent any expansion efforts by the CMC.
\par 
\par }{\b\insrsid12336123 Gargoyles}{\insrsid12336123  (pirate clan) (Epitaph?)
\par This is one of the larger pirate clans that have plagued 
the Barrens systems and the Nisami-Watts shipping lanes for decades. Although they are often attacked by mercenaries and militia determined to make their shipping lanes safer, they seem to have an endless supply of ships and crews despite their apparent r
a
te of losses. It is rumoured that they are retrieving vessels from the ship graveyards drifting in Epitaph, but it is well-known that they have done business with Junkers. Their crews are often conscripts dragged off their victim vessels, or culled from t
he refugee \'93Dispossessed\'94
 ships roaming the cluster. No one has been able to locate their base of operations, and many have tried. It is believed that they operate out of several bases in Epitaph, but little more than that is known. This clan is responsible
 for large shipping losses to many of the corporations and other larger powers in this cluster. A well-organized commander of a large mercenary fleet just might be able to rid the cluster of this bane once and for all.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 Golliger\rquote s Privateers
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 The Privateers operate out of the Dead Reaches system of Bumpy\rquote 
s Star. They began over fifty years ago as a group of miners tired of being harassed and having their rigs and mining operations destroyed by Emperor Leung and his operatives. They decided to organize, arm a
nd begin some of their own harassing and raiding. Captain Golliger is the son of a miner killed by Leung\rquote s forces, and has been operating as head of the Privateers for the past twenty years (hence the name they\rquote 
ve acquired). Golliger is a truly talented ma
n, gifted with song, popular with the ladies, hard to out-drink, and as good at guerrilla fighting, as he is at politics and fundraising. As a result, the Privateers now operate a fleet of well-equipped armed tugs, Patcoms and Corvettes, and have the supp
o
rt of the Doran Network, several Dead Reaches system administrations, the Azran Corporation, and (covertly) the Emerald Alliance. The crews of these vessels are incredibly well trained, passionate about their goal of destroying the Imperial Navy, and they
 love and respect their leader. A young pilot looking for fortune and adventure would do well to serve with this bunch for a while before breaking out into the harsh world of the mercenary clans.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 Grinnel Freightlines
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 Grinnel is an older name in the Middle States cluster shipping lanes. They\rquote 
ll haul anything anywhere, guarantee safety with their fine hired escorts, and do so at reasonable prices. Their favoured clientele include the systems of the Sultanate, the Caliphate of Yezhid, and the Corliss Conglomerate.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 Independent
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 
This faction designation applies to a large proportion of freight carriers and guns-for-hire. Cargo transport ships, armed escorts, passenger liners, gas miners, just about any vessel can carry this designation, and they appear throughout
 the cluster. The benefit of being independent is the freedom to move across borders, and accept work just about anywhere. The cost is vulnerability. As an independent, there is a very noticeable lack of support when it is most needed.
\par }{\insrsid12336123 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 Jardin Terraforming
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 
This is a name made famous in the Badlands cluster, but they have been under contract by Emperor Leung for some time, working on resuming the terraforming of the planet Chenyuang in the system Li Po. The Sultan would dearly love to see New Constantinople 
begin the long planned-for terraforming project as well. Furthermore, both of these powers will stop at nothing to interfere in the others\rquote 
 plans. This has put the Jardin Terraforming Corporation in a difficult position, as both a target and a ward of two 
of the largest powers of this cluster, depending on where they find themselves. Protection is something they need, in order to move their ships and equipment into the desired systems, and to begin their long-term operations.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\b\insrsid12336123 Junkers
\par }{\insrsid12336123 As a faction, the Junk
ers refer to a group very similar to the Junkers of the Badlands: they deal in used ship and station components. The difference between these folks and scavengers, is that Junkers are more interested in the sale (what they can get for parts), whereas scav
e
ngers want the parts for their own use and survival. Junkers are slightly more organized than scavs, as they tend to protect one another from outsiders (even though they compete and bicker amongst themselves), and they are slightly (only slightly) more sc
rupulous, as they can be somewhat trusted during a business transaction. Junkers are good people to have as contacts, as they\rquote ll know how to get needed blueprints, or where to buy that part you need, but can\rquote 
t afford to buy from the local licensed dealership. They also often know how to get you high end military grade weapons systems for your ship that you are NOT supposed to be able to buy on the open market.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 Lindevaal Crime Syndicate
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 This family built a very successful crime empire in the Bumpy\rquote 
s Star sys
tem by offering the miners and ship crews of that system all the more base pleasures they may desire. Sex, gambling, psychoactive pharmaceuticals and all other forms of leisure activities have been very profitable. The inevitable other criminal activities
 such as extortion, protection, loan-sharking and arms trafficking have also made this family rich and powerful. Of the criminal organizations in this cluster, this one remains the most accessible and benign.
\par }{\insrsid12336123 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 Lomax Technologies
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 Manufacturers of large stati
on components and support systems. Their products are in high demand in a cluster rebuilding after decades of strife.
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 
\par }{\b\insrsid12336123 Markus Corporation}{\insrsid12336123  (Nisami, T\rquote Ang)
\par \tab Mark Otomo (Founder and CEO)
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 Otomo is an enigmatic character, but }{\insrsid12336123 the CEO of this new but powerful information technology corporation, has shown himself to be a gifted, if eccentric billionaire. H}{
\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 is business acumen is unquestionable, as his fortune speaks for itself. The Markus Corporation, based in Nisami, is involved in a wide range of activities and pr
oducts, but it has the reputation as a company that does not fear taking risks. Markus Corporation\rquote s genetics division is engaged in longevity research. They would love to know what goes on in the Emperor\rquote 
s genetics research labs based in Xu Xuan, and have tried corporate espionage without success. The Markus Corporation}{\insrsid12336123 
 has also shown an inexplicable interest in the exploration of the jump routes back to Sirius, funding a number of seemingly pointless probe missions from the T\rquote Ang system. Attempts to learn
 why Otomo has invested millions in new expeditions into the \'93dead\'94 route have not been successful.
\par }{\insrsid12336123 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 Mercenaries
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 
There are mercenaries and there are mercenaries. In this cluster, reputation is everything. This faction designation applies to those many merc
enaries who operate more or less independently, and are not members of a larger mercenary clan. For the small time or independent mercenary, there is an abundance of dangerous and potentially lucrative work, but the life expectancy of a merc is brief in t
his cluster. The player enters this world early in the Epic mod game, and works his/her way up the unofficial hierarchy of mercenaries.
\par 
\par }{\b\insrsid12336123 Melman FTL Networks}{\insrsid12336123  (MelNet)
\par Daffyd Melman established a successful business as a low cost provider of basic FTL relay c
ommunications services to a number of poor, under-developed, or particularly devastated star systems in this cluster, such as the Barrens and some of the Dead Reaches systems. The MelNet has proven to be successful beyond his wildest dreams, as so many ha
ve not been able to afford the relays of Network54, or StellarNet. As a result, \lquote Daffy\rquote 
 Melman has ambitions to expand and compete throughout the cluster with the larger, more established providers. This has meant some serious threats to existing monopolies
, and some serious corporate hardball tactics, including threats on his life. MelNet has beefed up security and will likely do so even more, as negotiations for a large contract with the Corliss Conglomerate is about to take place.
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\cs15\b\insrsid12336123 Mesa Corporation}{\cs15\insrsid12336123  (Nureddin)
\par }{\insrsid12336123 
The Mesa Corporation is a large manufacturing company in the business of building big orbital facilities, such as bases, manufacturing outposts, and processing stations. They have been given a number of incentives to establish their corporate HQ in th
e Caliphate of Yezhid, which they\rquote ve gladly done. There has been plenty of work for them there, but they are interested in contracts elsewhere in this cluster as well, as rebuilding seems to be a booming industry.
\par 
\par }{\b\insrsid12336123 The Mustapha Institute}{\insrsid12336123  (New Constantinople)
\par This is the Sultan\rquote 
s private think tank and research facility, engaged in all manner of research, from the bio-genetics of longevity to developing better glazes for the hulls of starships. This institute is also a training ground for many of the Sultan\rquote 
s spies. It is believed that many of the \lquote discoveries\rquote  that emerge from this facility did not originate there at all.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 NSO LaPlace
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 
This is the largest starship-manufacturing corporation in Human space. They operate field offices in each of the three major 
faction capitals, with licensed distributors virtually everywhere, to ensure that their products are available to anyone who can afford them. Their cargo ships are often seen carrying loads of ship components to their licensed production facilities, under
 escort. They are popular targets for those who deal with or operate the un-licensed production facilities in this cluster, which happen to outnumber the licensed ones by almost three to one.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 Network 54
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 This is a communications giant operating a number of 
large FTL arrays in certain key points of this cluster. This corporation is based elsewhere, but keeps lines of communication open between the Middle States and other regions of Human space that have been settled. Their ships are seen mostly in the Leung 
Empire, busily maintaining their FTL comm relays there, but they often do business with the other network providers in this cluster.
\par }{\insrsid12336123 
\par }{\b\insrsid12336123 Pimental Crime family }{\insrsid12336123 (Penda)}{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 
\par Three stations in Penda survived the War of Dissolution, even after the population exodus in 
the years that followed. Unfortunately, Penda remained a relatively undeveloped system for the decades that followed, falling to the mercy of the various pirate clans that settled in this system, over the years. One of the more successful criminal organiz
a
tions, the Pimental family has survived the decades of skirmishes and power struggles within the pirate clans, and established itself as the de facto administration of the system. After implementing a punishing tax system-wide, the Pimentals recently push
e
d to rebuild the defense fleet, and successfully ousted some of the worst of the pirate gangs in Penda (and incidentally, former competitors), leaving those they could control alone. This gave the neighboring Emerald Alliance the impression of stability a
n
d lawfulness they were waiting for to admit Penda into the Alliance. Emerald has been seeking to control the adjacent systems, not so much to create another empire, as to secure a well-defended buffer zone around the only true garden world in the cluster.
 Admitting Penda into the Alliance was another move in this direction, and Emerald is already constructing military outposts and a garrison station there. The realization that the Pimental\rquote 
s are little more than ambitious devious and politically savvy crime
 lords has not escaped the eye of Prime Speaker Holsworth of Emerald. The representative from this family to the Alliance, Speaker Valenskaya, has yet to earn the trust and confidence of anyone in the Hall of Representatives. It seems likely that the Emer
ald Alliance will undertake a cleaning operation to rid them of this family, for the sake of the Alliance, and the benefit of the Penda system, but not until the time is right.
\par }{\insrsid12336123 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 Police
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 This is a generic faction designation for any local law enforcement vess
els charged with maintaining order locally. They use police patcoms to keep traffic within a given station\rquote 
s LDSi field flowing smoothly, to inspect and detain any vessels suspected of transporting contraband, and to eliminate any local pirate or other outlaw threats to station jurisdictions.
\par }{\insrsid12336123 
\par }{\b\insrsid12336123 Saffron Industries}{\insrsid12336123  (Corliss)
\par Saffron Industries have been based in Corliss since before the war. This corporation has been the primary manufacturing and fuel refining industry that has driven much of the local economy throughout the past hundred years. Chances are that if you\rquote 
ve stopped and re-fueled your ship at the Corliss exchange (and let\rquote s face it, everyone has), then you\rquote ve purchased Saffron fuel.
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 Scavengers
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 This is a descriptor that has become a label as well a
s an IFF tag for a diverse group of individuals who survive by picking through the wreckages of stations and vessels left over by the War of Dissolution, and the many smaller conflicts that followed it. They are less organized than the Junkers, who are bu
s
iness savvy and who maintain an inventory of used ship parts, available at bargain prices. Scavengers pick through the wreckage simply to keep operational. They can occasionally become aggressive, and attack in order to increase their foraging possibiliti
es. There are some rumour that scavengers have been trading with the Junkers, feeding parts into their system in trade for other more critical parts. 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 StellarNet
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 This is another corporation that began as a large telecommunications outfit, but then expanded
 into the manufacture and distribution of all manner of high tech products. They operate FTL relays throughout the cluster.
\par }{\insrsid12336123 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 Stellar Paramed
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 
The Providence Medical Complex is located in orbit of Vander, the first moon of a large planet called Roessner in t
he Providence system.  This enormous hospital thrived despite problems in the rest of the system after the war. The quality of medical care delivered there made it the primary health care and medical training center for this entire region. It is also the 
b
ase of operations of the roving hospital ships of the Providence Stellar Paramed. There was originally only a single Jeep-class freighter converted for hospital functions that traveled with this name, but there are now several such ships moving throughout
 
the cluster providing health care and training to the systems lacking such services (which is most of them at present). These ships travel under excellent escort, a group of fighters dedicated to this task with fierce loyalty and devotion (mostly mercenar
i
es and other combat pilots whose lives have been saved. The escorts are necessary as pirates and religious fanatics have tried to either hijack these ships for their own medical needs, or to pilfer them for the pharmaceuticals they carry. Either way, no a
ttacks on these ships have been successful in recent years. The Jeep-class transports, and their escorts all bear the bright red cross on a white background, the universal symbol for medical services for hundreds of years.  
\par }{\insrsid12336123 
\par }{\b\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 Takanan Raiders }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 (14}{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 th}{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123  Cruisers) (Hant)
\par \tab General Takana
\par What was once a well-equipped fleet of the fastest military ships soon became a ragtag band of pirates after the war, resorting to extortion from trade convoys for \'93protection\'94, pressgangs for personnel, and outright piracy in order
 to keep their fleet operating. Though none of the current Takanan officers were living at the time of the War of Dissolution, they continue to see themselves as the keepers of the ideals of the 14}{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 th
}{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123  Cruisers of the League of Independent Stars. They have m
aintained their enmity of the Sultan and the Caliphates, striking their convoys wherever possible. They also would like to see the end of the CMC, a corporation they see as being responsible for their downfall and exile. Rumor has it that they have rebuil
t
 a station in the system using remains of the smashed derelicts from one hundred years ago. No one has successfully located it, though (and lived to tell). Ultimately, they would like to return to legitimacy and light, in order to pursue their dream of re
building Lombard, but have been on the wrong side of the law for so long they have forgotten how.}{\insrsid12336123   Only Corliss has considered approaching them directly with proposals for legitimate work.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 Transient
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 This is a NavComp IFF designation that came into common u
sage when traffic controllers and local militia described any vessels and their occupants who were unregistered, unaffiliated, and deemed to be undesirable in that system. Transient is generally used in a pejorative sense, and most often refers to refugee
 
laden passenger ships, or freighters modified to carry passengers, most of whom are seeking asylum. Destroying these vessels is considered to be utterly sacrilegious to anyone native to the Middle States cluster, or anyone familiar with its tragic history
, however, they are often unwanted, so they are gently escorted to a jump point and encouraged to seek a home elsewhere, preferably where warm bodies and a cheap labour force is needed. These refugees refer to themselves as \'93The Dispossessed\'94.

\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 Universal Consumer Products
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 
This Corporation has its Head Office in the Badlands, but operates local field offices at Corliss and Emerald. They supply the people of the Middle States with many of the consumer and manufactured products they need to thrive in an interst
ellar society. While they have their own shipping network, they often make use of third party or independent carriers to transport their products into more dangerous regions of space
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 University of Tulun
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 The University at New Constantinople is the largest 
and oldest institute of research and higher learning in the Middle States cluster. It is considered a faction only in that the university\rquote 
s research vessels are often seen operating throughout the systems friendly to the Sultanate collecting data for stell
ar and navigational research. They are often seen in systems bordering the Sultanate, and sometimes even further afield than that, and have aroused suspicion as spies for the Sultan.
\par }{\insrsid12336123 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 Whind Weapon Systems
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12336123 This is a Corporation based in the Badlands, but wi
th franchise branches located throughout the Middle States, with dealerships everywhere offering top-of-the-line ship weapon systems. Freighters carrying inventory can occasionally be spotted and relieved of their cargo if their escort can be eliminated.

\par 
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid12336123 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid12336123 \line 
\par 
\par }}