{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f46\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \sbasedon10 spnmessagetext;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 header;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 footer;}{\*\cs18 \additive \sbasedon10 page number;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid11232512}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6612;}{\info{\title The Secondary Powers}{\author Duncan Day}
{\operator Jon}{\creatim\yr2005\mo5\dy31\hr17\min8}{\revtim\yr2005\mo5\dy31\hr17\min8}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords2083}{\nofchars11876}{\*\company Duncan Day Psychological Services}{\nofcharsws13932}{\vern16389}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot11232512 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\header 
\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11232512 Faction Summary Part 2\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst {\cs18\insrsid11232512 
 PAGE }}{\fldrslt {\cs18\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof\insrsid11232512 1}}}{\insrsid11232512 
\par }}{\footer \pard\plain \s17\qr \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11232512 Duncan \'93Hot4Darmat\'94 Day
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20 \aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11232512 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11232512 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11232512 Major Powers
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11232512 Leung Empire
\par \tab Emperor Leung (capital in Tau Tsun)
\par \tab \tab Magistrate Radicz
\par \tab \tab Governor Lee (Kronholm)
\par \tab \tab Governor Peng (Li Po)
\par \tab \tab General Chen (Xu Xuan)
\par \tab 
\par Sultanate of Khalilistan
\par \tab }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11232512 Sultan Salazar and his sister Karina (capital in New Constantinople)
\par \tab \tab Grand Vizier Nebuch (court at New Constantinople)}{\insrsid11232512 
\par \tab \tab }{\insrsid11232512 Caliph Al Mansur II (Aleppo)
\par \tab \tab Caliph Karim (Al Wadi)
\par \tab \tab Caliph Hasim (Ivory Garden)
\par }{\insrsid11232512 
\par Emerald Alliance
\par \tab Prime Speaker Holsworth (capital in Emerald)
\par \tab \tab Speaker Gentry (Providence)
\par \tab \tab Speaker Freund (Huang)
\par \tab \tab Speaker Valenskaya (Penda)
\par \tab 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11232512 Secondary Powers
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11232512 Consolidated Mining Corporation (CMC) (capital in Watts)
\par \tab CFO and Council Director Murcheson
\par Corliss Conglomerate (capital in Corliss)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid11232512 \tab Director Mastrantonio\tab 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid11232512 The Caliphate of Yezhid (capital in Nureddin)
\par \tab }{\insrsid11232512 Caliph Al Hazen
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11232512 Minor Powers
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\cs15\insrsid11232512 
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11232512 Aikenites (Lombard)
\par \tab Sal Aiken}{\cs15\insrsid11232512  Doran Asteroid Mining Network (Bumpy\rquote s Star)
\par Archangels (Mercenary clan in the employ of the Sultanate)
\par }{\insrsid11232512 Azran Corporation
\par Black Dragons (Mercenary clan in the employ of Emperor Leung)
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11232512 Brethren of Salvation (Brethren) (Ripon)}{\cs15\insrsid11232512 
\par }{\insrsid11232512 Chavez Shipping
\par Dispossessed}{\cs15\insrsid11232512  
\par Doran Asteroid Mining Network (Bumpy\rquote s Star)
\par Droznic Crime Family (Lombard)
\par }{\insrsid11232512 EtCom}{\cs15\insrsid11232512 
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11232512 Fist of Akra (Akra)
\par Fonseka Foundation (Akra)
\par }{\insrsid11232512 Gargoyles (pirate clan)
\par Golliger\rquote s Privateers
\par Grinnel Freightlines
\par }{\insrsid11232512 Independent}{\insrsid11232512 
\par }{\insrsid11232512 Jardin Terraforming
\par Junkers}{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11232512 
\par }{\insrsid11232512 Lomax Technologies}{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11232512 
\par }{\insrsid11232512 Markus Corporation (Nisami, T\rquote Ang)
\par \tab Mark Otomo (Founder and CEO)
\par Mercenaries
\par Melman FTL Networks (MelNet)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cs15\insrsid11232512 Mesa Corporation (Nureddin)}{\insrsid11232512 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid11232512 The Mustapha Institute (New Constantinople)
\par }{\insrsid11232512 NSO LaPlace
\par Network 54}{\insrsid11232512 
\par Pimental Crime family (Penda)}{\insrsid11232512 
\par Police}{\insrsid11232512 
\par Saffron Industries (Corliss)
\par Scavengers
\par }{\insrsid11232512 StellarNet}{\insrsid11232512 
\par Stellar Paramed}{\insrsid11232512 
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11232512 Takanan Raiders (14}{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\langnp1033\insrsid11232512 th}{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11232512  Cruisers) (Hant)
\par \tab General Takana}{\insrsid11232512 
\par Transient
\par Universal Consumer Products
\par }{\insrsid11232512 University of Tulun}{\insrsid11232512 
\par Whind Weapon Systems
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20 \aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid11232512 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid11232512 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11232512 
\par The Secondary Powers
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11232512 
\par }{\b\fs24\insrsid11232512 Consolidated Mining Corporation}{\insrsid11232512  (CMC) (capital in Watts)
\par \tab CFO and Council Director Murcheson
\par 
\par The CMC is the largest remaining single mega-corporation in the cluster, and can be counted on to act in its best corporate interests regardless of his
tory, alliances, or emotions. It is one of the oldest corporations in this cluster, having helped open it for settlement back when they were operating in partnership with Emperor Leung. Those days are long past, and at present there is no love lost betwee
n the CMC and the Leung Empire. After the internal schism the CMC suffered before the war, taking the 14}{\super\insrsid11232512 th}{\insrsid11232512 
 cruisers and most of their naval strength away, the CMC survived by implementing sound economic policies, including diversification of mining and manu
factured products, planned downsizing, and strengthening assets at a time when the cluster was tearing itself apart in a series of pointless skirmishes. They engaged in only a few open battles, mostly with the Leung Empire, and most often only in defence 
o
f their refineries and processing stations during the War of Dissolution. As difficult as it was to abandon the systems of Lombard (their former headquarters), Ripon and Akra, they secured their survival by consolidating their operations in the Watts syst
em, which they control entirely. Consolidated Mines operated continually through the conflicts and afterward, extracting resources, refining them, manufacturing basic components and selling them to the highest bidders. }{
\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11232512 Though diversification saved them thro
ugh the dark times, it is also preventing them from expanding as rapidly as they would like in this new era of rebuilding and reclamation. Trade with the Leung dynasty kept them viable for eighty years, but this trade relationship is rapidly becoming a pa
i
nful hindrance to their planned expansion as the two compete with one another. The Leung Empire, and more aggressively the CMC, are both turning their eyes to the Barrens and the Dead Reaches in their race to reclaim lost systems and restore former glory.
 While the Leung Empire looks toward the Dead Reaches and the Emerald Alliance for expansion, the CMC has been working the Barrens, and even quietly subverting the Imperial grip on Kronholm, in an effort to win support there, too.
\par 
\par The CMC openly engages in
 business ventures in Akra.  They have employed the mercenary clan the Fist of Akra on several important pirate-cleansing missions in that region, but have also tried to use them against the shipping interests of the Corliss Conglomerate, whom the Fist of
 Akra consider as allies. The CMC is also trying to re-establish themselves in Lombard, but less successfully so, since the Droznic crime family, and other pirate clans are too well established there. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid11232512 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid11232512 The CMC continues to operate a successful and ruthless
 economy, but have made too many enemies to thrive. Chief Financial Officer and Executive Council Director Murcheson continues to harbour a strong hatred toward the Takanan Raiders, and would like to see them utterly defeated. They have assisted the Calip
h
 Al Hazen of Yezhid in his efforts to destroy the Takanan Raiders on two separate occasions, but failed both times. Murcheson had to abandon that effort (thereby alienating the Caliph) to pursue more important priorities: to slow the build up of arms in t
he neighbouring Empire, and to destabilize the economy of the Corliss Conglomerate so that the CMC can establish a stronger presence in the Barrens systems. }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11232512 
The CMC continues to work tirelessly to undermine the economy of the Corliss Conglomerate at every o
pportunity. They do this by bribing officials for convoy schedules, paying off hired escorts to break off at critical moments, and supporting the Gargoyles pirate clan in their raids of shipping critical to the Conglomerate.}{\insrsid11232512 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\insrsid11232512 The Corliss Conglomerate}{\insrsid11232512  (capital in Corliss)
\par \tab Director Mastrantonio\tab 
\par 
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11232512 
The strength of the Corliss Conglomerate has always been its adherence to the philosophy of free trade. Its location along the trade route known as the Nisami-Watts Corridor made it the famous rest stop, shipping d
epot and trade center for the cluster. This system boasts one of the largest trading stations spinward of New Constantinople. It also operates one of the stronger commodity exchanges in the entire sector. This is where everyone stops to trade, exchange go
ods, and relax a little at Boone\rquote 
s Saloon, while they gamble away some of their recently acquired gains. Since it is a stopover for almost every vessel in the vicinity, it has large ship docking, repair and servicing facilities. Passenger shuttles and taxis
 are a common sight as they ferry crew from their parked vessels to the various stations in orbit. Fueling stations and fuel tenders are a common sight among the docked ships. Saffron Industries is one of the larger Corporations based in Corliss, offering
 a wide range of manufactured products to upgrade ships. The fuel so critical to the success of this glorified \'93truck stop\'94 operation is supplied by the other member system of the Conglomerate: Nisami.
\par 
\par Corliss made a very successful and lucrative deal with
 neighboring Nisami when it agreed to help them rebuild after the War of Dissolution. Together, the planets of the Nisami system comprise the greatest concentration of fissionable material in the entire region. Unfortunately, the stations and processors w
e
re devastated during the war, leaving the gas mines inactive for too long. Corliss came to their rescue and rebuilt the fuel processing stations and refineries, but extracted a high price for their efforts: in return for their help, they owned an exclusiv
e
 monopoly on the fuel at prices they could control. The people of Nisami have become somewhat embittered by the deal that was struck with Corliss so long ago, and rankle under the administration of Director Mastrantonio, whose primary interests are with C
o
rliss only. The gas miners and refiners of Nisami are seeking ways to sell their fuel to other customers, even if it violates the trade pact with Corliss. The conglomerate still controls these two systems, but their strength has weakened in recent years d
u
e to predation by pirates, hostile trade practices of CMC, and the decline in commercial trade traffic through their system. Slowed trade, fewer convoys, and talk of a new trade route through a jump gate have all contributed to the economic slowdown. Toge
t
her these forces have eroded the strength of the Corliss Conglomerate and its aging Defense Forces (CDF). Having relied heavily on arms purchases in the decades following the war, the CDF has not seen any fleet upgrades in the past fifty years. The Corlis
s
 system would very much like to eliminate the CMC in Watts, as their trade practices have been ruthless over the years. Fortunately for the Conglomerate, the CDF continues to be a force to reckon with, despite their aged vessels. Even well-equipped mercen
a
ries like the Takanan Raiders are reluctant to tangle with the wily and seasoned officers and crew of the CDF. Director Mastrantonio is currently seeking a truce with the Raiders, possibly even an employment agreement with them, but to date this meeting h
a
s been hindered by a series of incidents that appear to be the work of agents of the CMC. The Conglomerate has also recently suffered a decline in business resulting from attacks by other mercenaries on their valued customers. The Director suspects that t
h
e CMC may have hired the Fist of Akra mercenary clan to harass the flow of traffic to Corliss. Nevertheless, he continues to negotiate with the commander of the Fist clan to bring the system of Akra into the Conglomerate. This is a proposition the mercena
ries seem willing to entertain, since they require the fuel and supplies the Conglomerate offer them.
\par 
\par }{\insrsid11232512 
\par }{\b\fs24\insrsid11232512 The Caliphate of Yezhid}{\insrsid11232512  (capital in Nureddin)
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid11232512 Caliph Al Hazen
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid11232512 
\par Nureddin was spared the destruction of the War of Dissolution, but was gutted shortly afte
rward by the treaty reparation costs and exodus of its population. It was abandoned by the Sultanate in its time of crisis, causing discontent in the population remaining behind. Caliph Yezhid of Nureddin saw this as an act of betrayal and cowardice, and 
h
e vowed to make his system independent and prosperous again. Caliph Yezhid and his successors kept the system functioning despite the losses, and maintained successful trading posts, refineries and manufacturing facilities in the dark years after the war.
 
The current Caliph, Al Hazen, is the grandson of Yezhid, and idolizes his grandfather. He has renamed, and dedicated his entire Caliphate to the memory of his grandfather, Caliph Yezhid. He vigorously pursues his grandfather's dream of wealth, power and i
ndependence. }{\insrsid11232512 
An ambitious man, he intends to eventually take the throne of the Sultan and establish himself and his line as the rulers of a new empire, which will include all the former Sultanate systems. Religious, Deeply moral, and ardently anticorruption
, Al Hazen is loved by his subjects, and hated by the powerful underworld. }{\insrsid11232512 Successful gas mines have been the staple of the Caliphate\rquote 
s economy. Though it is off the main trade route, Nureddin is often visited by trade convoys for re-fueling and re-supply.
 The Mesa Corporation has established a manufacturing and trading station in Nureddin, which has helped the Caliph in his rebuilding efforts. He is also building a state-of-the-art shipyard in this system to strengthen his fleet. He has grown tired of los
ing vast amounts of shipping and trade to pirates and Takanan Raiders. Shipping in this region has diminished over the last century as a result of relentless piracy, most notorious of these being the feared remnants of the 14}{\super\insrsid11232512 th}{
\insrsid11232512  Cruisers (Takanan Raiders). 
\par }{\insrsid11232512 
\par The Caliphate of Yezhid also includes the Saladdin system, which was essentially wiped out during the War. It has taken over 70 years to rebuild its stations and industry base to a point where it could be considered viable again. This was another system f
rom which the Sultanate withdrew during its time of crisis, leaving the wreckage of Saladdin vulnerable for raiders to plunder. The Caliphate of Yezhid paid for rebuilding the stations and infrastructure in this system. As such, Al Hazen is unlikely to re
linquish control of it, despite the Sultan\rquote 
s designs on it. The few surviving families of Saladdin have not forgotten the support of Al Hazen, and the betrayal of the Sultanate. They are very loyal to Caliph Al Hazen. Saladdin has always been seen as being 
of strategic value for its place along the trade route, as well as for its valuable water resources in this water-impoverished region of space. The population has been slow to rebuild since the slaughter during the war and the exodus that followed. Most o
f
 the current settlers have come from the Nureddin system, enticed by the strong incentive programs initiated by Caliph Al Hazen. The Sultan continues to assert that this system and its much-needed water resources is part of the Sultanate, since it never f
ormally seceded. This claim adds fuel to the historical feud between the Caliph\rquote s family and the Sultan\rquote s. Caliph Al Hazen\rquote 
s ambitions irk the new Sultan, who wishes to restore the Sultanate to its former glory, and control Saladdin's water resource. The Sultan has repeatedly sent ships into this system, testing Caliph Al Hazen\rquote 
s willingness to go to war, but has not yet successfully declared ownership, nor demonstrated control.
\par 
\par The Caliphate of Yezhid is primarily focused on the neighbouring Sultanate, but
 they is also aware of the importance of their relationship with the Corliss Conglomerate, despite the distance and Barren system of Hant separating them. Their fates are intertwined by the construction of the new Jump Gate. Al Hazen is essentially neutra
l
 toward the Conglomerate, but would become hostile if he learned of the relationship developing between the Conglomerate and the Takanan Raiders.  Al Hazen views the CMC with much more disdain, having learned how poorly the CMC performed in previous effor
ts to rid them of the Takanan Raiders. He sees the CMC as greedy, self-serving and inept. He will not seek further dealings with them.
\par 
\par }}