{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f46\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{
\s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs26\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{
\s4\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel3\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\ul\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \sbasedon10 spnmessagetext;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 header;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 footer;}{\*\cs18 \additive \sbasedon10 page number;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid677116}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6612;}{\info{\title The Middle States Today: Faction Summary}
{\author Duncan Day}{\operator Jon}{\creatim\yr2005\mo5\dy31\hr17\min8}{\revtim\yr2005\mo5\dy31\hr17\min8}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages7}{\nofwords3212}{\nofchars18311}{\*\company Duncan Day Psychological Services}{\nofcharsws21481}{\vern16389}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot677116 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\header \pard\plain 
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\fs18\insrsid677116 Middle States Faction Summary\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst {\cs18\insrsid677116  PAGE }
}{\fldrslt {\cs18\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof\insrsid677116 1}}}{\fs18\insrsid677116 
\par }}{\footer \pard\plain \s17\qr \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\fs18\insrsid677116 Duncan \'93Hot4Darmat\'94 Day
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid677116 The Middle States Today: Faction Summary
\par }\pard\plain \s4\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel3\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs22\ul\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid677116 Introduction 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid677116 The original EoC had 54 factions, including the players, the aliens, and \'93????\'94 (for }{
\i\insrsid677116 unknown}{\insrsid677116 ). The Middle States Cluster will include some of those factions that would seem reasonable to find in most c
lusters of Human colonized space, (such as Junkers, Police, Transient, Independent, NSO LaPlace, Jardin Terraforming, Network 54, StellarNet, Whind Weapon Systems, Lomax Technologies, and Universal Consumer Products), but will also use many original facti
ons, each with a little more background to help guide their behaviour in-game. Independence War: EoC factions, such as navy and government that appear in the original game\rquote 
s geography (i.e., the Badlands) as representatives of a distant power, will also appear in Epic. But they will not be representatives of any of the political powers in this geography. They will be \'93in transit\'94
 and have non-aggression agreements with the three major powers of the Middle States cluster, so that they can travel freely to the
 Badlands and back to the core systems without fighting all the way (though they may be engaged, or find themselves in a fight by coming to the aid of someone\'85
). The factions in this cluster are sovereign powers, and will not permit their rule to be influenced or compromised by outsiders either from the core systems or from the Badlands. Each faction fields its own \'93navy\'94, whether large or small.
\par 
\par The following sections comprise a preliminary attempt to characterize the different factions in power in the Mi
ddle States. These factions are divided into the Major Powers (the 3 larger scale political entities with economic clout, larger naval fleets, and often more than one planetary system under their control), the Secondary Powers (these 3 are similar to the 
M
ajor Powers, but with either fewer systems, or a smaller economy/fleet, and therefore less influence in the cluster), and the Minor Powers (over 30 entities, including most corporations, underworld organizations, pirate clans, religious sects, and other g
roups that have organized themselves to some extent, but do not represent large military or economic threats). Each section will provide a brief synopsis of the faction, their interests and major players, as well as some suggestions for fleet style.

\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20 \aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid677116 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid677116 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid677116 Major Powers
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid677116 Leung Empire
\par \tab Emperor Leung (capital in Tau Tsun)
\par \tab \tab Magistrate Radicz
\par \tab \tab Governor Lee (Kronholm)
\par \tab \tab Governor Peng (Li Po)
\par \tab \tab General Chen (Xu Xuan)
\par \tab 
\par Sultanate of Khalilistan
\par \tab }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid677116 Sultan Salazar and his sister Karina (capital in New Constantinople)
\par \tab \tab Grand Vizier Nebuch (court at New Constantinople)}{\insrsid677116 
\par \tab \tab }{\insrsid677116 Caliph Al Mansur II (Aleppo)
\par \tab \tab Caliph Karim (Al Wadi)
\par \tab \tab Caliph Hasim (Ivory Garden)
\par }{\insrsid677116 
\par Emerald Alliance
\par \tab Prime Speaker Holsworth (capital in Emerald)
\par \tab \tab Speaker Gentry (Providence)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid677116 \tab \tab Speaker Freund (Huang)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid677116 \tab \tab Speaker Valenskaya (Penda)
\par \tab 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid677116 Secondary Powers
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid677116 Consolidated Mining Corporation (CMC) (capital in Watts)
\par \tab CFO and Council Director Murcheson
\par Corliss Conglomerate (capital in Corliss)
\par \tab Director Mastrantonio\tab 
\par The Caliphate of Yezhid (capital in Nureddin)
\par \tab }{\insrsid677116 Caliph Al Hazen
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid677116 Minor Powers
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\cs15\insrsid677116 
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid677116 Aikenites (Lombard)
\par \tab Sal Aiken}{\cs15\insrsid677116  Doran Asteroid Mining Network (Bumpy\rquote s Star)
\par }{\insrsid677116 Azran Corporation
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid677116 Brethren of Salvation (Brethren) (Ripon)}{\cs15\insrsid677116 
\par }{\insrsid677116 Chavez Shipping}{\cs15\insrsid677116  
\par }{\insrsid677116 EtCom}{\cs15\insrsid677116 
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid677116 Fist of Akra (Akra)
\par Fonseka Foundation (Akra)
\par }{\insrsid677116 Gargoyles (pirate clan)
\par Golliger\rquote s Privateers
\par Grinnel Freightlines
\par }{\insrsid677116 Independent}{\insrsid677116 
\par }{\insrsid677116 Jardin Terraforming
\par Junkers}{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid677116 
\par }{\insrsid677116 Lomax Technologies}{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid677116 
\par }{\insrsid677116 Markus Corporation (Nisami, T\rquote Ang)
\par \tab Mark Otomo (Founder and CEO)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid677116 Mercenaries
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid677116 Melman FTL Networks (MelNet)
\par }{\cs15\insrsid677116 Mesa Corporation (Nureddin)}{\insrsid677116 
\par The Mustapha Institute
\par }{\insrsid677116 NSO LaPlace
\par Network 54}{\insrsid677116 
\par Pimental Crime family}{\insrsid677116 
\par Police}{\insrsid677116 
\par Saffron Industries (Corliss)
\par }{\insrsid677116 StellarNet}{\insrsid677116 
\par Stellar Paramed}{\insrsid677116 
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid677116 Takanan Raiders (14}{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\langnp1033\insrsid677116 th}{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid677116  Cruisers) (Hant)
\par \tab General Takana}{\insrsid677116 
\par Transient
\par }{\insrsid677116 University of Tulun
\par }{\insrsid677116 Universal Consumer Products
\par Whind Weapon Systems
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20 \aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid677116 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid677116 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs26\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs32\insrsid677116 Leung Empire 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid677116 
\par The Leung Empire is what remains of the former Empire of Chung Kuo, one of the factions that first opened, and colonized many of the stars in this cluster. After the War of Dissolution, several rebellions, and a few skirmishes with the remaining force
s of their post-war enemies (The Sultanate, and the Consolidated Mining Company), the Empire was dramatically reduced in power and size. Emperor Leung has managed to retain control of four of the original Empire\rquote 
s systems, and kept his industrial and econo
mic machine going despite the devastating losses of ships during the war. A series of huge domed cities and industrial complexes in Tau Tsun, the sub sector capitol, have kept the Empire going, though it has cost its citizens dearly. Tau Tsun uses the che
a
p material and Human resources of Kronholm and Li Po for the basis of its manufacturing industry. Harsh taxes kept the industries producing ships, and the shipyards in Kronholm, then later more shipyards built in Xu Xuan continued to supply ships for the 
I
mperial fleet. But skilled crew have been harder to find. Consequently, the Imperial fleet usually has the advantage of numbers, but its officers are trained in cookie-cutter academies. They display little innovation, and follow by-the-book strategies in 
combat. The ships of the Emperor\rquote 
s fleet are manufactured by an embittered and poorly paid workforce, using mass-produced parts from low-grade materials, and so the quality of the Imperial fleet reflects that quantity-over-quality approach. Ships tend to br
eak down frequently. They are also less well shielded, underpowered, and less well armed than others in the cluster. They rely on older designs such as the original Dreadnaught-class Corvette and the Tariq-class PatCom. Even though these vessels are relat
ively poorly armed compared to today\rquote 
s Heavy Corvette, or Advanced PatCom, the sight of dozens of Dreadnaught-class Corvettes slowing out of LDS together for an attack run has been the last sight of many a foe. Capital ships tend to be named after Chinese p
rovinces back on Earth, with other ships named after cities, rivers and other geographical features in Asia\rquote 
s regions. Unfortunately, naming schemes seem to have been a low priority, and so the limited names are recycled and often use numerical suffixes to distinguish them from others with the same name. Many of the newer ships in the Emperor\rquote 
s fleet simply bear numbers. Despite the weaknesses displayed by the individual ships and crews, do not assume that this fleet is weak. The vast numbers of vessels, an
d the tried and true formations and attack plans have proven successful in many an engagement, and have kept the Empire at its current strength for almost a hundred years.
\par 
\par Imperial research laboratories hidden in asteroid bases in Xu Xuan are working on new power sources and new containment materials for the Imperial fleet, as part of the Emperor\rquote 
s plan to be free of his dependency on neutronium from the Sultanate. Freedom from dependency on the Sultan\rquote s neutronium would change the economy of the entire cl
uster dramatically, and free the Empire to produce ships at an even greater rate. Another of the Emperor\rquote 
s pet projects has to do with genetics and longevity research. These frightening laboratories can also be found (though not easily) in that system. Int
o these biogenetic research labs have disappeared many a shipment of criminals, political undesirables, or refugees whose only crime was poverty.
\par 
\par The Emperor is an unnaturally old man, more than one hundred and sixty years old. He has maintained his grip 
on life through genetic and pharmaceutical innovations to keep his biochemistry functional. Emperor Leung may be physically weak, but he remains a clever leader, a strong politician, and a wise strategist. He does not allow emotions, passions or ego to in
f
luence his battle plans. He remains cool, calculating and patient in all of his plans. He has trained a number of very loyal governors to run the systems of his Empire in a similarly draconian style. He relies heavily on his right hand man and advisor, Ma
g
istrate Radicz. The Magistrate is feared throughout the sector as one of the most ruthless and cunning men in political power. Like the Emperor himself, this ambitious man would like to restore the empire to its former strength. In fact, he and his war co
u
ncil are secretly following a long-range plan devised by the Emperor to gain control of the entire Middle States cluster. He works closely with the Emperor on all the efforts of the Empire, but Radicz continues to harbour a strong hatred toward those syst
ems that broke away from the Empire after the War of Dissolution. His current objective is to bring Emerald back under the control of the Empire. What they don\rquote t know is that Kronholm is growing increasingly unhappy under the Empire\rquote 
s rule. The people of Kronholm have always felt that they bore the brunt of the Empire\rquote s rebuilding efforts, and they are close to revolting. Put simply, if the CMC were to attack Kronholm to \'93liberate\'94
 it from the Empire, it is unlikely that the forces native to the system would put up much resistance.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid677116 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid677116 
Although they are not currently at war with anyone, they are manufacturing warships at an accelerated rate in preparation for an assault on the Emerald Alliance. They are openly hostile to most ships of the Dead Reaches, and have 
a large bounty on, and will instantly attack any vessels belonging to or associated with Golliger\rquote 
s Privateers. Any pirates or mercenaries preying on commercial shipping in the Empire will immediately earn the hostility of the Imperial fleet. The Empire an
d the Sultanate are currently not involved in open hostilities, but an unofficial state of war; a \lquote cold war\rquote 
 of sorts exists between these two factions. Proxy armies, mercenaries, spies using the disguise of corporate traders, and independent scouts all fi
ght a continuous low grade war just below the threshold of open full-scale conflict. If a vessel of the Sultan\rquote 
s fleet were to encounter an Imperial vessel in otherwise unoccupied, neutral space, hostilities would most likely ensue, as these two powers have maintained a very uneasy truce over the years.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid677116 Sultanate of Khalilistan
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid677116 
\par The current Sultan of Khalilistan, Sultan Salazar, is the third generation to rule since the reign of Sultan Malik Shah, the founder of this powerful political nation. Sultan Salaz
ar has been described by his critics (now dead after public decapitation) as a spoiled adolescent playboy who never understood the true responsibilities of a leader. In fact, if their heads hadn\rquote 
t been impaled on top of tall pikes on the route to the capit
al spaceport, those same critics would be decrying his failure to understand anything about running a powerful nation, except for the meting out of cruel punishment. It is widely known, but rarely uttered aloud, that the real leadership for the Sultanate 
comes from Salazar\rquote 
s sister, Karina. She is responsible for some of the wisest strategic, economic and political decisions made in the last twenty years, despite her behind-the-scenes approach. Karina is a powerful woman, indeed, and is feared by most men. 
She is also a striking beauty, making her the object of desire for many a courtier, nobleman, and even a Caliph or two. Nebuch, the Grand Vizier, advises the Sultan on most matters of state, and also carries great responsibility for the success of the Sul
t
anate in the recent years of rebuilding. Unfortunately, Nebuch and Karina see each other as mortal rivals for power to influence the Sultan and his decisions. They rarely see eye to eye on matters, and have been known to make assassination attempts on eac
h
 other. The Caliphs and lesser political figures align themselves to one or the other according to their best guesses as to who will emerge dominant. This makes for a very messy and dangerous court full of intrigue and infighting. Political intrigue is a 
game played at the highest level in the Sultanate, where the stakes are life and death. The rewards are enormous, as the standard of living is the highest in the cluster (if you\rquote 
re rich, you are VERY rich), but the price of a blunder or an offence can mean death. Failure to play the game well can mean death by poison, by knife, by genetically engineered host-specific bio-weapons, or by the scimitar of the executioner. 
\par 
\par Four systems make up the Sultanate, including the centre of power, culture and academia at Tulunid (most commonly referred to simply as New Constantinople), and the source of the Sultanate\rquote 
s power and riches, the neutronium-rich system of Al Wadi. The families of power in the Sultanate can only be described as having fantastic wealth. Made ric
h long ago by the neutronium wealth of Al Wadi, and the many industries associated with its extraction and refinement, the citizenry of the Sultanate have become the wealthiest in the entire cluster. Those with less wealth would call them pretentious and 
a
rrogant. They import almost all of their labour, and look down on this workforce, despite the fact that they pay them very well. Trade agreements, shipping contracts, and industrial relations with the Sultanate are very difficult to get, and highly desire
d. As difficult as it is to gain entry into this world of fantastic wealth and power, thousands compete daily to win a minor prince\rquote s attention, a courtier\rquote s whisper into the right nobleman\rquote s ear, or a Caliph\rquote 
s endorsement. Once entry has been gained, the s
takes are high, and the possibilities for wealth and power are nearly endless. Unfortunately, so are the pitfalls, traps and treacherous betrayals, so that none have gone higher than allowed by those already in power.
\par 
\par The official defence fleet of the Sultan is relatively small, and is usually fragmented by their various loyalties to their Caliphs. There are five separate \'93fleets\'94
 in the Sultanate: the personal fleet of Caliph Hasim of Ivory Garden, the personal fleet of Caliph Karim of Al Wadi, the personal fleet of Caliph Al Mansur the second of Aleppo, the Sultan\rquote 
s personal elite Royal Guard of New Constantinople, and the Mercenary fleet that actually does most of the patrolling, fighting, defending, and general dirty work. The small but very powerful an
d well-trained naval force called the Royal Guard is fanatically loyal to the Sultan with almost religious zeal. The ships of the Royal Guard (mostly Advanced PatComs) are always easily distinguishable by their ornate exteriors, striking blue colour, and 
b
right gold-plated trim. The Caliphs have built up their own fleets, and equipped them with some of the best-trained crew and equipment that money can buy. These ships are also ornate and often elaborately festooned with decorations and lavish trim. They a
r
e maintained very well, and always look as though they just emerged from the paint shop. These vessels enjoy some of the best sensor and drive technology available, as well as excellent offensive and defensive weaponry. The fleets are sworn to assemble an
d join the Sultan\rquote s Royal guard for any action the Sultan requests. Being involved in hostilities with one of the Caliphs fleets does not necessarily mean that the other Caliphs\rquote 
 fleets will deem you to be an enemy. However, if you become an enemy of the Royal Guard, all of the Sultan\rquote 
s ships will see you as enemy. The Mercenary fleet is by far the largest and is also well equipped, though much less burdened by decoration. They see the most action, and are the most seasoned fighters of all. However, they are
 true mercenaries, and will only fight for profit, for self-defence, or for the less-well understood concept of mercenary\rquote s honour. Fighting in the Sultan\rquote 
s mercenary fleet is a highly sought-after contract, as the crews of these vessels are very well paid.
\par 
\par The Sultanate is one of the primary sources of fine arts, and higher learning. It is also the main consumer of luxury goods, rare foods, antiques, imported art, and designer drugs.  As corrupt as it is rich, the Sultanate is a haven for the underworld. 
Smugglers have found steady demand for their less reputable merchandise in the courts and dens of New Constantinople. Piracy is common in the boundary systems of Ivory Garden and Tulunid itself, with it proximity to Epitaph and the criminal element in hid
ing there. Most of the police are corrupt, and a number of the Sultan\rquote 
s fleet officers can be bought as well (with the exception of the entire membership of the Royal Guard fleet). In fact only those with the personal ear of a Caliph, the Grand Vizier, or the Sultan himself can expect to be immune from extortion.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid677116 
\par The Emerald Alliance
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\insrsid677116 
The Emerald Alliance is the newest of the major powers in the Middle States. Like the Sultanate, Emerald controls a resource that everyone in the areas either wants or needs: f
ood and water. Possessing the only true garden world in the cluster, the Emerald Alliance has managed to restore its profitable agricultural and biological trade in fairly short order (only two generations) since the near-total destruction brought on by t
he orbital bombardment of Sultan Malik Shah nearly a hundred years ago. The Sultanate was to have funded an orbital station as part of war reparations, and was to provide ships to replace Emerald\rquote 
s destroyed freighter fleet, but never complied with either. 
Both the Empire and the Sultanate were too busy fighting post-war skirmishes on other fronts, and losing strength in the process, to consider helping others with reparations. As a result, Emerald had to pull itself out of the ashes almost entirely by itse
lf, helped only by the provisional government at Huang during their darkest years. As a result, the people of Emerald have a fierce sense of independence, as well as a celebrated indebtedness to Huang. In fact, these two systems probably enjoy the best 
\'93interstellar\'94 relationship of any two star systems in the Middle States cluster. The driving force, and oft-heard slogan of the political and economic powers of Emerald is simply \'93Never Again\'94
, and this summarizes their military policy as well. The government
 of Emerald is the closest thing to a democracy that exists in the Middle States, and it consistently follows the singular agenda of ensuring a future in which no other faction, regardless of their military might, will be permitted to bombard the planet a
gain. The current leader, Prime Speaker Holsworth, is no exception. Prime Speaker Holsworth saw the devastation of Emerald first hand as a child and will NEVER allow such events to occur again. He has made it his life goal to ensure Emerald\rquote 
s safety. He has
 nothing but disdain for the Sultan and the Caliphs. However, he needs their neutronium. He also hates the Leung Empire for what he sees as abandonment in time of greatest need. He is aware that both would like to see Emerald under their own control, and 
h
as vowed to prevent it from happening. His goal is to continue to unite the systems of the Dead Reaches into a powerful new Alliance capable of defeating the Empire. Ultimately, he would like to see every system of the cluster inhabited and thriving as a 
c
onfederation of united but relatively sovereign powers. This dream of a new golden era is shared by others in the Alliance, but few believe it will ever come to pass. Holsworth is also a realist, and is keenly aware that time is not on his side, and that 
the Empire is massing for an assault that will likely occur before he can recruit the Dead Reaches systems. He needs a stronger defence fleet, and is struggling to find ways to get it. He\rquote 
ll hire any mercenary willing to side with the Alliance. Neutronium c
osts him a great deal due to the distance it must travel to reach the Alliance worlds. He is currently secretly developing some of the smaller neutronium mine sites in Huang and Bedalov that were deemed to be too small to be economical. Mercenaries fight 
in the Emerald Alliance Navy, increasing his chances of slowing the onslaught, but time and numbers are not in his favour.
\par 
\par Emerald has begun to reclaim the surrounding systems. Penda was the most recent addition (though still not considered to be a full no
r trusted partner) to the Alliance, and a possible agreement with Bedalov is being discussed. Funded by large corporations, and the wealth they have gained through their agricultural trade, the Alliance has begun to take control of old stations and mining
 
facilities in order to restore them and make them profitable. They have rebuilt their own mercantile fleet, and are in the process of rebuilding their naval forces. In the meantime, they have hired mercenaries from the Dead Reaches to protect them. Howeve
r
, they continue to suffer from raids by pirates, criminal organizations, and independent raiders, some of whom are sponsored by the Leung Empire. They have begun construction of larger scale defence stations and trade centres, increasing their defence nee
d
s. Most notably, the Emerald Alliance has begun planning to build a jump gate at Huang. Initial construction of the LOR assembly platform has started, and the main infrastructure has been put in place as a show of commitment to its other partners in this 
v
enture. Negotiations continue with the Sultanate and with Caliph Al Mansur II separately in hopes of finding a partner willing to provide additional much-needed funding for this enormous undertaking. If the jump gate is completed, it will cut the travel d
i
stance from the Alliance, the Dead Reaches systems, and even the Empire to the Sultanate drastically, bypassing the Nisami-Corliss-Watts corridor entirely. Needless to say, there are several other factions that would suffer greatly and would like to see t
his effort fail. 
\par 
\par 
\par }}