{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f53\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning32\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \styrsid917895 heading 1;}{
\s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \styrsid917895 heading 2;}{
\s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs26\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \styrsid7932880 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\pgptbl {\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0\brdrt\brdrnone\brsp220 \brdrl
\brdrnone\brsp160 }{\pgp\ipgp1\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp1\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp1\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid31802\rsid156508\rsid917895\rsid919007\rsid1395670\rsid2041395\rsid2238074\rsid2429369\rsid4677788\rsid5126975
\rsid5267780\rsid5525681\rsid5591222\rsid6358682\rsid6971488\rsid7236681\rsid7238828\rsid7617969\rsid7932880\rsid9379156\rsid9648477\rsid10501537\rsid10692954\rsid10749819\rsid11353621\rsid11432587\rsid11826341\rsid12148766\rsid12195886\rsid12402752
\rsid13176207\rsid13268639\rsid13532651\rsid13699090\rsid14313023\rsid15271391\rsid15534478\rsid15548926\rsid15675480\rsid15886921\rsid16066724\rsid16188928\rsid16192535\rsid16202418\rsid16327090\rsid16610716}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6612;}{\info
{\title Replacement Capsule Jump}{\author Jon}{\operator Jon}{\creatim\yr2005\mo10\dy10\hr3\min21}{\revtim\yr2005\mo10\dy15\hr2\min17}{\version21}{\edmins634}{\nofpages11}{\nofwords3765}{\nofchars21461}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws25176}{\vern16389}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\rsidroot13268639 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13699090 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning32\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid15534478 Torn Stars: Capsule Jump}{
\insrsid7932880  [until better name]}{\insrsid15534478 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6971488 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid6971488 Torn Stars f}{\insrsid15534478 eature release targeted for Q1 2006.
\par }{\insrsid6971488 
\par This winter release is being wedged in between now and the larger Traffic release. The capsule jump release will require a bunch of cluster redesign, economy tuning, and writing, but not so much code writing. }{\insrsid12402752 Traffic is long on code
 features, and short on art requirements, so this should be a good match, as long as we can keep coding to a minimum for this release.}{\insrsid6971488 
\par }{\insrsid10692954 
\par Most of these features are small, but they will have wide ranging impacts on the game.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13699090 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning32\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid13268639 Replacement Capsule Jump}{
\insrsid12195886 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13699090 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid917895 Feature }{\insrsid16066724 Overview

\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16066724 
This set of features replaces the standard games capsule drive jumping with a new system that supports hidden jump routes and routes with higher difficulty.
\par 
\par Each route from lpoint to lpoint has a difficulty value attached to it. That difficulty value represents the instability of the route. There are 5 levels of stability.
\par 
\par Stable
\par Weak
\par Unstable
\par Dangerous
\par Deadly
\par 
\par Standard commercial shipping will only cross the Stable routes. These routes are on all navigation computers and everyone knows where they are and how they connect to one another.
\par 
\par If an lpoint has a Stable Route, then it will be vi}{\insrsid5525681 sible in Navigation Comp}{\insrsid16066724 . If an lpoint }{\insrsid5525681 has only Weak or worse}{\insrsid16066724 
 routes, then it will be hidden on the map and the player will need to find it using the Lpoint Scanner GUI feature.}{\insrsid16202418  Once an lpoint has been found}{\insrsid5525681 , it will always be visible in the Navigation Comp. Once near a 
previously hidden lpoint, the }{\insrsid16202418 player can scan it to see what Routes it supports.}{\insrsid16066724 
\par 
\par There are 5 levels of active sensors. The basic sensors can only detect Stable jump routes. Each level of sensor upgrade all}{\insrsid16202418 ows t}{\insrsid5525681 he player to see the weaker}{\insrsid16066724  jump routes.}{\insrsid16202418 
 The destination }{\insrsid5525681 of the weaker}{\insrsid16066724  jump routes is never shown, until the player completes one jump.
\par 
\par }{\insrsid16202418 If a player has the sensors to see the less stable}{\insrsid16066724  routes, he can attempt the jump. }{\insrsid5525681 There are two levels of capsule drive, Commercial and M}{\insrsid16202418 
ilitary. A commercial drive can only cross Stable routes without damage. Any levels above Stable will cause a percent damage to the ship}{\insrsid5525681 s hull}{\insrsid16202418 . Deadly almost always destroys ships 
with commercial drives. Military drives can cross Unstable level routes and below with no damage. }{\insrsid16066724 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid917895 Routes have a second value attached to them, active period. Lpoints are formed between a planet and a moon. 
Due to orbits, the links from an Lpoint can be blocked for a period of time. Not all Lpoints are periodic. The period specifies the number of days the lpoint is active, followed by the same number of days inactive. The design goal of this feature is to cr
eate passages through the cluster that open and close with seasons. Allowing trade routes to shift and change over time. }{\insrsid16202418 
\par }{\insrsid16066724 
\par }{\insrsid5591222 All the standard game links will be removed. There will be no system to system jump routes using the standard game capsule jump. This new jump system will be the only way to travel from system to system.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5525681 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid5525681 Player Perspective
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid5525681 From the player perspective, the new system works much like manual capsule drive usage in EoC. 

\par 
\par The player flys to a known lpoint. Once near the Lpoint, the player opens an Lpoint Route GUI. This GUI allows the player to select any route his sensors are good enough to detect.
 The Stability level of the route will be displayed. If the player has never tried this route before, the word \'93Unknown\'94 will appear. If the player has tried the route, the actual destination system and lpoint will appear.
\par 
\par If the route is currently Inactive (due to period timing) then the word \'93Inactive\'94 will show in front of the route. 
\par 
\par If the player selects the route (and it is active) the lpoint will be \'93Activated\'94. It will begin to blink in the HUD and the destination (if known) will show in the lower left.
\par 
\par The player then flys into the lpoint at a speed between 500m/s and 1000m/s. The Active lpoint will then jump the player to the destination.
\par 
\par All player wingmen who are following (even if nested, such as following followers) will also be jumped with the player.
\par 
\par Every jumped ship will suffer damage according to the level of capsule drive versus the stability of the route.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid31802 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid31802 Searching for New Lpoints}{
\insrsid5525681 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid31802 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid31802 
If an Lpoint has no Stable routes then it will not show up on the standard Navigation charts. The player will need to find these routes himself. 
\par 
\par This task is done using the Lpoint Scanner GUI. The scanner uses astronomical data to predict the possible locations of lpoints. Each moon can support 1 lpoint. The player selects a moon, and the GUI places a waypoint at the possible search location.

\par 
\par The player then flys to the location and scans for an Lpoint. If the Lpoint exists, it will be entered into the players navigation charts for future use.}{\insrsid31802\charrsid31802 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid31802 
\par Systems with dozens of moons could provide hours of searching, even without attempting any of the jump routes.
\par 
\par Design Note: Why do this GUI rather than put in an Lpoint for every moon? The reason is resources. The lpoints are much like stations. They always ex
ist and must always be tracked, searched, and generate traffic, ect. It is much easier on the system to only support the few lpoints that really exist than to put in dozens. So instead this GUI allows the best of both worlds. The player gets to explore e
very nook, and the game uses resources efficiently.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5525681 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid5525681 Jump Simulation
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid5126975 
This feature adds a flight simulator element to the new jump system. The player must pilot a capsule drive bubble through capsule space from the start lpoint to the destination lpoint.}{\insrsid5267780 
 [Note: We might not have time to add this feature. But a prototype is in the works.]}{\insrsid917895 
\par }{\insrsid5126975 
\par The purpose for this design is to add a player challenge to trade, smuggling, and scout missions. Most space sims add challenge by throwing hundreds (or thousands?) of pirates at the player. We don\rquote }{\insrsid5267780 
t, and for that reason, trade can begin to be a dull affair of button pressing. This simulation is designed to give the player a non-combat flight challenge that returns the fun to trading.}{\insrsid5126975 
\par }{\insrsid5267780 
\par The best way to imagine this is to think back the the final scene of EoC. Cal and Maas are racing down a jump tunnel side by side. Cal pushes Maas into the side, and the thrusters are ripped off Maas ship.
\par 
\par This simulation is similar in idea. When the player jumps, they find themselves in a jump tunnel. They must avoid collisions and follow the tunnel to the exit point without damage.
 The player is in a ship that represents the capsule space bubble. The higher the class of capsule drive, the more maneuverable the bubble ship the player is placed inside.
\par 
\par Once the player reaches the tunnel exit point, they are transported to the destination lpoint. Any damage sustained in the tunnel is applied to the player ship.
\par }{\insrsid31802 
\par }{\insrsid15675480 The simplest mechanism has the player try to follow a set of waypoints that twist through space. The waypoints boost the players capsule bubble power. And the bubble fades wi
th time. If the player makes the end with a bubble intact, he suffers no damage. If he loses the bubble, then the ship suffers damage during an uncontrolled reentry with main space-time. (we could even use an explosion to do the ship damage.)
\par }{\insrsid15534478 
\par The jump simulation would only apply to the player ship. The wingman vessels would take calculated damage (they don\rquote t fly the simulation).
\par }{\insrsid6971488 
\par Final implementation should be based on what is fun to play. A small simulator has been written to test build courses. It can be modified as people get ideas of what makes a fun racing sim.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid31802 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid31802 Drive Theory
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid31802 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid31802 This quote is taken from the }{\insrsid5126975 Iwar 1 player manual.}{
\insrsid31802 
\par }{\insrsid5126975 
\par }{\i\insrsid5126975\charrsid5126975 \'93The capsule drive allows near instantaneous (faster than light) interstellar travel. The capsule drive surrounds the ship with a small space-time bubble or capsule. The 
capsule is independent of main space-time. This bubble can be rejoined to a distant point in normal space and re-integrated. This means the vessel effectively jumps from one location to another without passing through the intervening space.
\par 
\par The process of producing a self-contained space-time capsule requires very high energy levels. The amount of energy required becomes impossibly high within a normal gravity field. For this reason capsule drive is constraine
d to jumps between suitable LaGrange points within solar systems. Put simply, LaGrange points are sites where the gravitational field of two bodies cancels each other out. Capsule collapse theory shows how these smaller universe bubbles are rapidly drawn 
back into main space-time. This limits the distance which can be covered in a single jump. The grav driver coil at the lowest part of the lower saucer generates the massive space-time capsule field.
\par 
\par During the process of jumping, the ships cannot receive or transmit messages because they are, in effect, in a small universe of their own.\'94
\par }{\insrsid5126975 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid5126975 We are essentially adding to this, by changing the nature of capsule space to \'93collapse\'94 bubbles faster on some route than on others.}{\insrsid917895 

\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16192535 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16192535 Geography}{\insrsid10501537  and }{
\insrsid16192535 File Changes
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid5591222 The Middle States cluster is generated from a large spread sheet file using a custom written 
program named save_type.exe}{\insrsid9648477 
\par }{\insrsid5591222 
\par A new version of save_type.exe called jump_cluster.exe has been written. This new version does not write lpoint links into the standard geography. Instead it puts in them into the system_name.ini files where only our new jump system can find them.
 These files already exist to hold critical station information.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5591222 {\insrsid5591222 A new syntax has been defined for specifying lpoint routes in the spread sheet. It is:
\par 
\par Lpoint, name, planet, moon, # of links, destination system, destination lpoint, jump difficulty, period of stability, }{\insrsid2041395 period offset. 
\par }{\insrsid5591222 [this pattern repeats for each route out of the lpoint]
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid5591222 
\par }{\insrsid13268639 The difficulty of jump is any number from 1 and up. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid2041395 {\insrsid13268639 The period of time is the time the lpoint is active (in days). }{\insrsid2041395 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid13268639 A matching amount of time then follows when the lpoint is inactive (unstable). This allows }{\insrsid13176207 
lpoints with daily, weekly, monthly, or yearly cycles to be created. }{\insrsid2041395 A value of 0 (zero) means that the lpoint is always stable enough to jump.}{\insrsid5591222 
\par }{\insrsid2041395 
\par The period offset is the number of days }{\insrsid6358682 into the start of the cycle. If this number is the same as the period, then the route will begin inactive. }{\insrsid156508 
A route can be made to cycle every month, and begin half way though the active month.}{\insrsid6358682 
\par }{\insrsid2041395 
\par }{\insrsid5591222 It should be noted that all routes are specified one way. You must specify a second route back, if you want a two way link. This allows one way jumps. Or jumps that have different difficulty levels each way.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15675480 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid13176207 Implementing Capsule Drives}{
\insrsid9648477  and Sensors}{\insrsid13176207 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid917895 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid15675480 
The standard EoC game has two kinds of capsule drives, commercial and military. This mod recognizes which one is mounted on each jumping ship and calculates damage accordingly. Using the standard capsule drives means that we don\rquote 
t have to make any changes to the game at all. We just need to provide places for the player to purchase the better drive.}{\insrsid10749819 
\par }{\insrsid15675480 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid15675480 The standard EoC game has 5 kinds of active sensors. This mod will recognize which kind is mounted on the player ship 
and turn that into a detection level from 1 to 5. This matches the stability levels of the jump routes. Using the standard sensors means that we don\rquote 
t have to make any changes to the game. We just need to provide places for the player to purchase the better sensors.}{\insrsid12148766 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11826341 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11826341 Making use of the Jump System Featur
es
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11826341 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid156508 
While there are only three new values: Difficulty, Period, and Period Offset, they combine to make some really interesting clusters possible.}{\insrsid11826341 
\par }{\insrsid156508 
\par You can create one way jump routes. Only specify the link from one side. Or specify the link to be Stable in one direction and Deadly in the other.
 This kind of planning allows players to jump into a system, and then spend some time looking for ways back out again.
\par 
\par You can create \'93trade winds\'94 type effects. These routes only cycle into phase with each other for limited periods. 
\par 
\par You can create high value cargo runs for those willing to carry just a few pods over dangerous rout
es. The link from Penda to Epitaph and from Epitaph to New Constantanople are good examples of links that should be dangerous to use. But those links would be very valuable short cuts if you can find them. The same with the link from Huang to Aleppo.}{
\insrsid156508\charrsid11826341 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid917895 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16188928 Mission Ideas}{\insrsid15886921 
 Using Jump System}{\insrsid10749819 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid917895 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid917895 
These missions will not be implemented in this release. They are here to give ideas of what becomes possible when this feature is implemented. }{\insrsid917895\charrsid917895 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid15886921 
\par Science Stations pay player to find a route to a new star system. Pay player to deliver cargo to new star system. Pay player to rescue crew of prior mission. 
\par Complications are rival governments intercepting the player.
\par 
\par Corporations pay player to find route to new star system. Pay player to prospect for asteroids in new system. Pay player to ambush opponent\rquote s science mission. }{\insrsid2238074 Pay player to deliver supplies to hard to reach system outpost.}{
\insrsid15886921 
\par Complications are rival corporations intercepting the player.
\par 
\par Pirates pay player to find a hidden route between two star systems. Pay player to run cargo via an unstable jump node.
\par Complications are rival pirates and navy intercepting player during transit.
\par }{\insrsid2238074 
\par Navy pays player to use unstable route to sneak into rivals star systems. Pay player to discover route into system. Pay player to rescue navy spy in rival system. Pay player to deliver supplies to Navy scout in new system.
\par }{\insrsid16188928 Complications are rival navy or encounters with pirates also using jump route}{\insrsid2041395 s}{\insrsid16188928 .}{\insrsid16610716 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid917895 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning32\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16610716 Fuel Handling
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11826341 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11826341 Another major feature of the mod will be real fuel usage by player ships and 
wingmen. }{\insrsid11826341 Right now the game just charges credits f}{\insrsid11826341 or each capsule jump. This }{\insrsid11826341 
release will require ships to refuel. All player ships will use fuel for daily upkeep and capsule jumping. A ship that runs out of fuel will stop moving. }{\insrsid11826341 
\par 
\par Player ships can refuel at stations using a new "pog object" }{\insrsid11826341 tanker}{\insrsid11826341 . The player uses the ship to ship communication system to hire the tanker to refuel his}{\insrsid11826341  ships. }{\insrsid11826341 
\par 
\par Also supported is a new }{\insrsid11826341 tanker class of wingman. }{\insrsid11826341 The tanker can refuel other player ships. And the tanker can drain fuel from fuel cargo pods.}{\insrsid11826341 
\par \~
\par These features work together with the capsule jump features to make exploration of deep space (far from any }{\insrsid11826341 fueling }{\insrsid11826341 
station) a more interesting and challenging task than any prior space simulation. I think people will enjoy it.}{\insrsid11826341\charrsid11826341 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11826341 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11826341 Fuel Capacity and Usage}{
\insrsid16610716 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11826341 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11826341 Sh
ip INI files have a new value attached for the amount of fuel they can carry. 
\par 
\par Fuel is used by capsule jumps and daily fuel usage (maneuvering jets consume a fair amount of reaction mass).}{\insrsid2041395  Bot
h of these values will also be placed into the ships INI file. Default values based on class will be used if the values are missing.}{\insrsid11826341 
\par 
\par Capsule jump fuel usage is charged when a ship attempts capsule jump. If there is not enough fuel, the ship fails to jump.
\par 
\par Daily fuel usage is charged at end of day at the same time as upkeep fees are paid.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid11826341 If a ship runs out of fuel, it halts and then cannot move. A message is sent to the player announcing the condit
ion. If fuel is transferred to the ship, it will restart its reactor and become a normal wingman again. Upkeep will still be charged on ships without fuel.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid917895 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16610716 Refueling }{\insrsid13532651 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16610716 Ships can be refueled by tanker ships that are found around waystations, ship yards, po
lice bases, pirate bases, and navy depots.
\par 
\par Using the comm channel you can}{\insrsid11826341  hire the tanker ship to}{\insrsid16610716  refuel one }{\insrsid11826341 of your }{\insrsid16610716 ship}{\insrsid11826341 s}{\insrsid16610716 
 or your whole fleet. Fees are charged based on the amount of fuel transferred. If you don\rquote t have enough money, fueling will stop.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid917895 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid9379156 Fuel Tanker Wingmen
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16610716 
A fuel tanker wingman can be hired. The tanker has specialized pumps and other equipment needed to refuel other ships while }{\insrsid11826341 floating in space. Tanker wingmen}{\insrsid16610716  typically have very large fuel tanks. Any ship with the 
\'93tanker=1\'94 value in its ship template file can refuel other ships. This allows any type of ship to be a tender (such as a fleet carrier}{\insrsid13532651  or large freighter}{\insrsid16610716 ).
\par 
\par The fuel tanker wingman will accept commands to refuel other ships in the player fleet. The fuel tanker }{\insrsid13532651 commands will be \'93refuel targeted wingman\'94, \'93refuel targeted ship\'94 and \'93refuel all wingmen\'94
. (A mission might be to rescue a ship with ruptured fuel tanks).
\par 
\par The fuel tanker wingman will }{\insrsid11826341 with}{\insrsid13532651 hold a minimum fuel of 2 capsule jumps worth in its tanks (to keep from accidentally disabling itself). 
\par 
\par The fuel tanker wingman refuels at stations like any other ship. (it just holds a very large amount of fuel).
\par 
\par A fuel tanker wingman can pull fuel out of fuel cargo pods. A command \'93d}{\insrsid11826341 raw fuel\'94 with a fuel cargo pod}{\insrsid13532651  as a target will cause the wingman to refuel}{\insrsid11826341  from the pod}{\insrsid13532651 . }{
\insrsid11826341 The pod will convert to an \'93Empty\'94 when fueling is done. }{\insrsid13532651 Standard ships lack the specialized pumps needed to do this operation. It also works on ship wrecks (ships that have a special wreck marker).
\par 
\par Fuel tanker wingmen are especially useful on combat raids int}{\insrsid919007 o enemy territory and}{\insrsid13532651  long duration scout missions. Scout class freighters are equipped as tankers to all}{\insrsid7236681 
ow them to haul extra fuel pods, which they can use to extend the number of jumps they can perform.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid917895 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7236681 Player ship as tanker
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7236681 If the player ship is a fuel tanker (most likely a scout ship) then a spe
cial menu item will appear. This menu opens a GUI that allows the player to draw fuel from any docked player wingman or cargo pod. And it allows the pla}{\insrsid919007 yer to pump fuel into a wingman or other ship as needed.
\par [This feature will not be added until after we get loadout working and the player can fly freighters.]}{\insrsid7236681  
\par }{\insrsid15534478 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12402752 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning32\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12402752 News Periodicals}{
\insrsid15534478 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10692954 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12402752 
The idea is to create some static prewritten HTML news articles that are sent to the player once a week, or once a month. These\~would simulate\~weekly news papers or magazines. }{\insrsid10692954 
For the first time, the player will have a solid feeling of time passing. What it means to be a long haul freighter pilot who spends months in capsule space. (Two 15 jump runs will pass a whole month of game time).}{\insrsid12402752 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid10692954 These Periodicals}{\insrsid12402752  are how we will communicate the current state of events in the cluster to our players. They will n}{\insrsid12402752 ot change with player actions o}{\insrsid12402752 
r trigger off of events. These will start very simple. }{\insrsid12402752 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid12402752 We need to invent some periodicals, and their political orientation, and general coverage. }{\insrsid12402752 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid12402752 Ideas to spark off other ideas "Cluster Geographic" that does in depth reports on cultures and history of the cluster. "Military Historian" that reports on major conflicts of the past. }{\insrsid12402752 The periodical }{
\insrsid12402752 "Long Hauler" that caters toward system to system freight haulers. }{\insrsid12402752 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid12402752 What do we want to say? Who do we want to say it? Can we entice our player to move around the cluster? This feature is based around the already coded NewsNet software (written years back, but never used, until now).}{\insrsid15534478 

\par }{\insrsid12402752 
\par NewsNet will be enhanced with a \'93Release Day\'94 feature. This allows the news writer to specify the game day that a news item is released to the player. A whole year of news can be specified in advance.
\par 
\par We need someone to take the lead on this feature. Gather ideas for periodicals and scour the background documents for story ideas.
\par }{\insrsid15534478 
\par }{\insrsid12402752 I think we should have the news start 1 year back, and work up the current state of the cluster. Essentially, if a player plays this next release and reads all the 
news, then they should know the current state of events. Then if we spring changes on them in a future release they can say \'93yep, I knew that war was going to happen. I saw that coming.\'94 Because of these small staged releases, we essentiall
y get to write a little prolog for a future novel.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12402752 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning32\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid15534478 Asteroid Mining
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7238828 
This feature allows the player to own a station. The first station is an asteroid. It will have several docking points.
\par 
\par The player can hire mining rigs. These mining rigs can be used to harvest resources from the asteroid. The rigs have no LDS or Capsule drive. They must be towed into position and then ordered to dock to the asteroid. One rig 
can dock to each docking point on the asteroid.
\par 
\par As long as the rig remains docked, and the player is paying upkeep and fuel to the rig, the rig will produce pods of ore. These pods are stored in the \'93station\'94
 inventory that is part of the trade system. When the player wants to sell the pods, he uses the trade screen to purchase the pods out.
\par }{\insrsid10692954 
\par }{\insrsid7238828 Mining rigs are hired near processing stations.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7238828 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7238828 Mining Stations
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7238828 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7238828 
These asteroids replace the standard mining stations. Or to say it better, they become the standard mining stations. 
\par 
\par These asteroids are placed using the save_type program. The mines are placed into the cluster just like every other kind of station.
\par 
\par Every mining station has two extra parameters added, the number of docking ports, and the richness level of the asteroid. The richness level determines how many pods of ore per day are produced by a mining rig}{\insrsid16327090 
. And the number of docking ports determines how many mining rigs an asteroid will support.}{\insrsid7238828 
\par }{\insrsid16327090 
\par (implementation issue: the asteroid model will have the max number of docking ports. Extras will be turned off in code and be unable to be used by the player).
\par 
\par Mines can be of any mine type: Common ore, water, organic, etc.
\par }{\insrsid4677788 
\par A new type of mine needs to be designed that produces ship fuel. This type of mine can be used by clever players to fuel their own fleet when they are in distant systems.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16327090 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16327090 Economy Impact
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7238828 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16327090 
This is the first time the player will be able to directly impact the economy. The player will be able to create and destroy mines, and thus shift the economics of the cluster.
\par 
\par The player is only allowed 9 wingmen, so the total impact will be minor. However, it will still exist.
\par 
\par The economy will notice the added mines, and recalculate pricing. The player could tip the balance in a critical system to cause the whole cluster to shift pricing. (it would be fun to set this up, but not tell anyone).
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16327090 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16327090 Cluster Design
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16327090 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16327090 
The cluster will need to have the mines redesigned. Mines will produce less ore (they are smaller) but there should be many more mines. 
\par 
\par The richest mines should be in the more dangerous or even unexplored areas. }{\insrsid11353621 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11353621 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11353621 Prospecting}{\insrsid14313023 
 and Claiming}{\insrsid11353621 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11353621 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11353621 
Prospecting is the act of finding an asteroid, and then having a science team analyze the asteroid for economic potential. Once the asteroid has been analyzed, it is claimed by the player.
\par }{\insrsid11353621\charrsid11353621 
\par }{\insrsid11353621 Unless we implement some kind of long range sensors, the player must be able to see the asteroids on the navigation comp. 
\par 
\par Science team wingmen are used to analyze asteroids. The player hires Science teams near science bases. These teams do not have capsule drives or lds and must be towed to an asteroid base. They will dock onto the asteroid and begin to study it.
\par 
\par The science teams take several days of time to complete their work.}{\insrsid14313023  The longer they study, the more docking ports are opened (until a maximum of 3 is reached).}{\insrsid11353621 
\par }{\insrsid14313023 
\par The science team must be protected during their time (remember the Iwar1 mission to this effect).
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid14313023 {\insrsid14313023 
\par Claims can be jumped by the player. If another faction is already operating a mine, the player can steal it. This is done by destroying all the mining rigs attached to a mine. The mine will become Empty when the last rig is destroyed.
 The player can then use a science team to claim the mine.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11353621 {\insrsid14313023 If a player undocks all his mining rigs, the asteroid stops adding to the economy.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7932880 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7932880 Selling Claims
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7932880 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7932880 
In a future release, we should add in some features that allow the player to sell claims. The richer the asteroid, the more money the player can make.}{\insrsid7932880\charrsid7932880 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7932880 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning32\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7932880 New Non Player Ships
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7932880 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7932880 Player Wingmen
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7932880 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7932880 There are three new types of wingmen supported in this release. 
\par }{\insrsid7617969 The Mining Rig}{\insrsid7932880 
\par }{\insrsid7617969 The Science Team
\par }{\insrsid7932880 The }{\insrsid7617969 Tanker Ship}{\insrsid7932880 
\par }{\insrsid7617969 These wingmen have been discussed in other features.}{\insrsid7617969\charrsid7932880 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7932880 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7932880 Diplomats
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7932880 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7932880 Diplomats}{\insrsid7617969  are ships floating near stations that replace the R
}{\insrsid7932880 eputation GUI \'93Upgrade\'94 button. All faction stations support a \'93station master\'94 type figure }{\insrsid7617969 that}{\insrsid7932880 
 the player can use to upgrade faction standing. To upgrade you use your ship comms and contact the diplomat, who will ask a fee based on your current standing level.
\par }{\insrsid7617969 
\par The current purpose of this feature is to make the player seek out a station before being able to upgrade. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7932880 \b\f1\fs26\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7932880 Future Features
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7932880 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7932880 The diplomat makes a good pl}{\insrsid7617969 aceholder for future features, s}
{\insrsid7932880 uch as missions that you need to do to increase your faction standing. But these features are postponed until later, when we are ready to support missions.
\par }{\insrsid7932880\charrsid7932880 
\par }{\insrsid7932880 If you are trying to level up from Friendly to Allied, you must find the faction HQ and talk to the Diplomat at that station. (Each faction type has station that qualifies as an HQ and the player must find 
and example station of that time). For some faction types, any station can be the faction HQ.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7932880 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning32\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7932880 
New Missions and Traffic Scripts
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7932880 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7932880 Ok, just kidding. There won\rquote 
t be any missions or new traffic scripts in this release. Even if some of these features cry out for them. We need to take this one very doable step at a time. No more monster releases that never get done.
\par }{\insrsid7617969 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7617969 \b\i\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7617969 Ideas of traffic scripts
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7617969 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7617969 This is a good place to collect up mission and event ideas for the future.

\par }{\insrsid7617969\charrsid7617969 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7932880 {\insrsid7617969 Pirates that charge protection money against the player mining rigs.
\par Miners that jump the players claims.
\par Hostile mega corporations that wipe out player mining stations, to steal the claim or keep prices high.
\par Corporations that hire mercenaries to steal back a claim the player has stolen.
\par Player hired to wipe out a science team from an opposing corporation.
\par The player\rquote s science team wiped out by those wanting to find the best asteroids for themselves. 
\par Mining rigs raided, and ore stolen by pirates. 
\par Player hired to wipe out the mining rigs of another corporation to tip the economy and raise prices.}{\insrsid7617969\charrsid7932880 
\par }}