{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f46\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs26\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \styrsid12588164 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid4003987\rsid4082111\rsid8586092\rsid8944736\rsid12588164\rsid14036661
\rsid16061715}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6612;}{\info{\title Purchase Ship Screen}{\author Jon}{\operator Jon}{\creatim\yr2005\mo5\dy6\hr2\min20}{\revtim\yr2005\mo5\dy6\hr2\min22}{\version4}{\edmins3}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords698}{\nofchars3983}
{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws4672}{\vern16389}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\rsidroot14036661 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12588164 \b\f1\fs26\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid8944736 Graphical Screens
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8944736 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid8944736 Here is a more detailed list of the screens and how they are imagined to work.}
{\insrsid8586092  I recommend starting with one of the first two screens, and then taking on the faction screens. The first two are much simpler.}{\insrsid8944736\charrsid8944736 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12588164 \b\f1\fs26\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid14036661\charrsid12588164 Purchase Ship Screen

\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12588164 This screen is a UniGUI menu choice. }{\insrsid14036661 
\par }{\insrsid12588164 It becomes available when the player has docked with a station that offers ships per sale.
\par The player must meet a minimum faction standing to purchase any ships.
\par 
\par The ships are listed in an INI file. }{\insrsid4082111 
\par The file contains the cost, 
\par selling station type,
\par minimum faction standing,
\par }{\insrsid12588164 a list of equipment to}{\insrsid4082111  add when the ship is purchased,
\par }{\insrsid12588164 a list of equipment to de}{\insrsid4082111 lete when the ship is purchased,
\par }{\insrsid12588164 a string pointing to the ships description in html format.
\par 
\par The screen displays all of the ships for sale at this station in a list. If the player clicks on a ship, the ship information html and cost are displayed. So are the player funds.
\par }{\insrsid14036661 
\par }{\insrsid12588164 If the player presses the buy button the ship is purchased. 
\par The funds are removed. 
\par The equipment deleted and then added to inventory. 
\par All current ships are removed from inventory. iInventory.RemoveTug() 
\par The new ship type is added to inventory. iInventory.AddCommandSection().
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid4082111 {\insrsid12588164 The screen closes and the player is automatically taken inside the base. tSaveGui.PressEnterStation() to achieve this.}{\insrsid4082111 

\par 
\par The player can also press a sell button that sells his current ship. A special section of the INI file handles this transaction. The player is given funds, instead of taken. And the player 
gains the CommandSection instead of a new ship. (if the coder can figure out how to make this a generic choice, good for him).
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12588164 \b\f1\fs26\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid14036661\charrsid14036661 Identity Erase Screen

\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid14036661 This screen is a UniGUI menu choice.
\par It becomes available when the player is docked with the correct type of station. (pirate cove).
\par The player must also have a minimum faction standing. 
\par Price and faction standing}{\insrsid12588164  and valid stations}{\insrsid14036661  should be set in a}{\insrsid12588164 n INI file for easy editing.}{\insrsid14036661 
\par 
\par This screen displays the cost of erasing your identity. 
\par It shows your current funds.}{\insrsid12588164  tEpicMoney.ShipAccount() and tEpicMoney.ChangeShipAccount().}{\insrsid14036661 
\par A help file}{\insrsid12588164  (html)}{\insrsid14036661  is displayed }{\insrsid12588164 on the screen. The file }{\insrsid14036661 explains what will happen.
\par A button }{\insrsid12588164 on the screen }{\insrsid14036661 allows the player to erase identity.
\par 
\par When the button is pressed, the program checks if you have the funds needed. 
\par Then it changes all the players faction standings to be the same as those of the \'93Independent\'94 faction. 
\par The players ship is removed from inventory and the comsec is added to inventory. 
\par 
\par The screen closes and the base screen is loaded. (a call to }{\insrsid14036661\charrsid14036661 tSaveGui.PressEnterStation}{\insrsid14036661 ()) will achieve this.}{\insrsid14036661\charrsid14036661 
\par }{\insrsid14036661 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12588164 \b\f1\fs26\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12588164\charrsid12588164 
Faction Reputation Display Screen
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12588164 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12588164 This screen is a UniGUI menu choice. It can be displayed at any time.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid12588164 
\par }{\insrsid16061715 The reputation display screen shows the players reputation with each faction that the player \'93Knows\'94. (is marked as known). Some factions start known. Others become known when the player passes very close to one of their stations.

\par 
\par The coder is left free to design the screen. It should include a list of all the factions. When the 
player selects a faction it should include a verbal description of the faction relationship to the player. It should also display the faction description file. 
\par 
\par Room should be left on the screen for a bitmap that changes with each relationship level (like a badge or crest or rank marking). Talk to Cambragol about his ideas on this feature.
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12588164 \b\f1\fs26\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid14036661\charrsid12588164 
Faction Reputation Increase Screen}{\insrsid14036661 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid4082111 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4082111 This screen is a UniGUI menu choice.
\par It can be displayed when the player has docked to a station that is non-hostile. It is impossible to purchase increases from a hostile faction.}{\insrsid16061715  }{\insrsid4082111 
\par 
\par This screen allows the player to increase his}{\insrsid16061715  reputation level with the stations owning faction}{\insrsid4082111  by making large cash payments.
\par 
\par The screen should display the players current standing. And the cost of increasing to the next level. It should also display the players current funds.
\par 
\par Possible levels and costs should be read from an INI file. The screen code does not need to know anything but the names and numbers. 
\par 
\par A button allows purchasing the increase. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid4082111 Once purchased, the screen updates with new data and the option of purchasing the next level. }{\insrsid14036661 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid4082111 \b\f1\fs26\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid14036661 Faction Support Features
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid4082111 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4082111 The game must store a \'93known\'94 tag for each faction.
\par The game must have an INI file that lists }{\insrsid16061715 if the player knows the faction when starting a new game.}{\insrsid4082111 
\par The game must have an INI file that }{\insrsid16061715 lists the html file describing the faction, for use on the reputation display screen.}{\insrsid4082111 
\par }{\insrsid16061715 Code is needed to read this INI file at start of new game. }{\insrsid4003987 
\par }{\insrsid16061715 And to read the file when a new }{\insrsid4003987 session is started (to attach the html file name to the faction}{\insrsid16061715 ). 
\par The global known values must be restored when the game is restored.}{\insrsid16061715\charrsid4082111 
\par }}